Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
OK, it says, Welcome to our user feedback session. You'll be presented with a series of screens related to health management. Please review each screen carefully and answer the following questions to help us understand your preferences and needs. 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
Click. Next. What do you see in this graph? And what do you think the different colours and markers represents? So we've got, um, green physical activity, Blue meals. So we've got, um my physical activity is normal. Um, so that's good. I don't know what the N 02468, 1012 is, um are these times across the bottom? Then we've got a low. Um, is it Is it for physical activity in meals? No. The physical activity is the green dots going down, and the meals is the blue. So we've got low, um, low. What, though? So this must be low blood sugar. Uh, normal blood sugar, low blood sugar, high blood sugar, low blood sugar. Um, we had a normal blood sugar. Prior to physical activity, we had a low blood sugar. After physical activity, we had a high blood sugar after a meal and a low blood sugar after a meal. I think that's what it's saying. OK, click next 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
to your knowledge. What primarily impacts your blood glucose levels, The timing of meals, medium impact types of food, high impact stress, high impact physical activity, medium impact. Sorry about that. Just going to turn that down. Um, 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
So I'm gonna click next to your knowledge. What specific nutrients impact your blood glucose levels the most. So, um, sugar has a high impact. And, um, fats and medium impacts. So I'm just gonna click next. Oh, right. We've got to do all of them. So carbohydrates, um, low impact proteins, no impact. 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
Click. Next. How often do you experience glucose spikes after meals sometimes 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
click. Next. What actions would you likely take if alerted after a glucose spike? Um, I'll probably check to see um, and monitor my, um, levels. Um, just to see how high they are. Um um, and then I'd probably, um, just keep an eye on them. Just relax. Wait for them to come. Now click. Next. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
Would you find it useful to have real time alerts for glucose spikes after eating? Yes. Very useful 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
click. Next. Which design of the described feature do you find most effective for your needs Design A or design B. I like design A. Um it took a few minutes to understand it, but a is much more detailed 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
click. Next. What factors would encourage you to regularly use any of the features you just saw Ease of use personal insights. Um, integration with other health apps and devices proven effectiveness. 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
Click Next. What factors would discourage you from using any of the features you just saw. Complexity or difficulty of use? Um, lack of personalised insights. Definitely doubts about effectiveness. Poor integration with other health apps. 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Click Next. Considering the compensation you're receiving for participating in this interview, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access real time alerts the glucose spikes for one year? I would give up, um, 6 to 10%. This feature is quite important to me. 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
Click Next. Please describe what you see on this screen, focusing on the list provided and its implications. What do you think is the purpose of identifying the top foods that affect your glucose levels? What? What do you think is the purpose of ident of identifying the top foods that affect your glucose levels? um to make you, um be wary of how much you eat of them. Um, it can give you a list then. Of these are the foods that cause me to spike. I need to eat less of them or eat them every every other day. I need It'll give me an idea of what to do and how to go about it. I think that would be really important. Um, do you see yourself utilising this feature to modify your diet? And how important is this information for your health? Mandarin. I would definitely utilise this feature to modify my diet. Um, if something's gonna, um, give me high blood sugar levels, I'm gonna reduce them or have them alternate days or twice a week. Um, anything to keep me normal is going to be really helpful. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
OK, next. How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoints foods leading to significant glucose spikes? Very valuable. 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
OK, next. Do you currently track foods that cause you glucose spikes? Not at the moment. No 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
click. Next. What additional information would you like this feature to provide? Um, has he got the times on it? Um, when I looked at the chart on number MA at the bottom it was showing. I'm sure it was times that I ate at, um I think I'd like to know the times. I mean, I was a bit confused with the chucks. It was starting at midnight two in the morning, three in the morning. I was a bit confused with that. I didn't know what the left bit down the side was, so I'd like the, um where the left and at the bottom is to be more clear, um, to show the times that I ate at, um and then I would know, Um maybe to change my timings, I think that would help. Um, it's good that it shows the activity as well to see if that was a problem. But I don't understand the timings. Quite 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
next. Considering the compensation you're receiving for participating in this interview, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access a feature that identifies foods that causes glucose spikes for one year? Um, I highly value this feature, and I'm willing to invest in it. More than 10% quit. 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
Next. What information is being conveyed in these notifications about meal timings. Ah, this is the timings that I was on about. So we've got, um, Mike optimise your Snickers timing. One minute ago, we noticed you enjoyed a Snickers bar almost every day. Eating it before your walk to work leads to quicker sugar normalisation than eating it afterward. OK, tap here for more timing insights. Next one, we've observed that when you have a big evening meal, your sugar levels take longer to settle. Our days suggest that when you eat a similar meal at lunch, time will lead to quicker normalisation. That's really handy. Um, this would this is what I was saying before about timings. So this would, um, impact me in a big way because I would then change when I ate a Snickers bar, I would change when I had a large meal. Um, definitely. So I could really change my timing as I want to eat. How would you rate the usefulness of receiving insights on meal timing? Really useful. Uh, I can change when I eat. Um, and would you adjust your eating habits based on them? Definitely. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
Click. Next. Do you consider the timings of your meals in relation to your glucose levels at the moment. No 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
click next. How valuable would a feature be? That suggests optimal times for consuming certain foods to manage. Glucose levels are very valuable. 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Click Next. Considering the compensation you're receiving for participating in this interview, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to act as a feature that provides suggestions for optimal meal timings for managing glucose levels? More than 10% highly value this feature, and I'm willing to invest 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
in it. Click Next. Please describe the alert on this screen and what it suggests about physical activity. Let's achieve together the goals of today and take control of your life. Based on your data, we found that just 20 minutes of moderate exercise is your personal threshold for positively impacting your time in range and reducing glucose spikes. Exercising less than that may not offer the same benefits tap here to learn more about your unique threshold. Pardon me. So this is letting me know, um, that if I exercise less than 20 minutes, um, I'm not benefiting at all, Um, and it's not gonna reduce my glucose spikes, so I need to do at least 20 minutes of moderate exercise is that daily? Um, it doesn't say. I like to know if that was daily or every two days. Um, how likely are you to use this feature in your daily routine? And how beneficial do you think it is for your diabetes management? I mean, this is beneficial. It's letting me know how much exercise? 20 minutes, No less than that. And what type of exercise. It has to be moderate, not too low an impact of exercise. So I think it's very useful. 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
Click next. How valuable would a feature be that provides insights on the minimal level of physical activity th way to impact your glucose levels? Very valuable. 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Click next. So what percentage again? Would I give up to access a feature that informs you about the minimal level of physical activity impacting your glucose levels for an entire year? Um, I'm a bit dubious. Oh, not dubious, but I'm confused on how often I have to exercise. So I it's quite important to me. I'd like to know how often I'd have to exercise 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
quick Next. What do you see in this notification and what specific activities are being recommended to manage blood sugar levels. Let's achieve together the goals of today and take control on your life. We detected a recent spike in your blood sugar. Here are some suggested activities to normalise it. Tailored just for you. Jogging 30 minutes brisk walking 40 minutes. Yoga. 45 minutes. Select an activity and balance your sugar levels. OK, so it's letting me know what to do. Um, to get rid of the spike. So jog brisk walking or yoga. So, um what? How do you think this personalised activity guide functions in relation to blood sugar management? Um, if it's not, if If I just received a notification one minute ago to say there's a spike in my blood sugar, I'm gonna immediately have a look. Right. What shall I do? Shall I go for a jog? Or if I can't jog? Shall I go for a brisk walk or whatever? Do some yoga. I think there should be more than just them three. maybe there's something else I can do. Um, like, step box or something like that? Um, just something different. Not just them three. So it's vulnerable, but I think there should be more activities. I would likely follow the stress activities as long as there was more than three. 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
Are you aware of how different intensities of physical activity affect your glucose levels? Yes. 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
After physical activity, how long does it usually take for your glucose levels to be normalised? Um, I would say 30 minutes to one 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
hour. Click. Next. How useful would a feature be? That estimates the time needed to normalise glucose levels after different types of physical activities. I think 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
it's very valuable. Uh, I don't think there was enough activities, so I'm gonna put it as 6 to 10% 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
click. Next. What additional functionalities would make this feature more useful for you? Different exercises to choose from. 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
Click Next. Can you describe the message displayed on the screen and the character featured in it? Hi, Alan. Feeling a bit sluggish? It might be due to less sleep and sitting too much. Yes. Um, that's my problem. Um, what if you swapped your desk chair for a 20 minute walk to green market? A healthier lunch could turn your day around. Hey, Alan, What if you if you aim for seven hours of sleep tonight, you might notice a positive change in your glucose levels tomorrow. What purpose do you think this message serves in terms of sleep management and glucose control? Um, it's let me know in a very friendly way, um, to not sit around too much and to get up and start walking and to eat healthier, just letting me know to get a decent amount of sleep. So it's something that I would absorb, but it's up to me whether I'd take notice of all three things to do. 20 minute walk, healthier lunch, seven hours sleep. So it's valuable. Um, how valuable do you find personalised sleep? Recommendations based on your opportunity and health data? I do find that valuable. Um, it's saying any less than seven hours sleep and, uh, you're gonna feel, um, you might get high blood sugar levels. You may feel really tired drained, so that's a good idea to let you know. So I think it's valuable. Um, 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
click. Next. How often do you track your sleep? Duration and quality? Never. 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
Right? Next. How often do you track your sleep? Duration and quality ever? 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect your glucose levels? Yes, 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
click next. How important is sleep tracking in relation to managing your glucose levels? I think it's, uh, important. 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
Click Next. What additional functionalities or insights would make this feature more useful to you. I think you should say, um, the you should get at least seven hours of sleep or more. And I think it should say that also that it will stop you from feeling drained and tired throughout the day just to give some symptoms as well. 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Quite next. Considering the compensation you're receiving for participating in this interview, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to gain access to a feature that tracks and correlates sleep, duration and quality? With your glucose levels, I would say more than 10%. I think it's a highly valuable feature. 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
Click next. Lastly, let's end on a high note, not just with your glucose. Check out these different styles of alerts for elevated glucose levels. Which one strikes the right chord with you? Formal term. Your glucose level is high. Immediate action is required. Casual term. Hey there! Looks like your sugar's up. Take time to take steps. Some steps friendly. Heads up your glucose is a bit high. Let's get it down. Urgent Alert Elevated glucose detected. Please address. Crunchy tone. Glucose. High time for equilibrium. Other. I like the formal tone. Um, I think it's important not to be relaxed about it. I think it's important to take it seriously, so it needs a serious, um, statement. Your glucose level is high, in which action is required. Click 

End words:
next.