Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
the test towards, so he's welcome to a usual friend. With or so the years of feedback session, you will be presented with a series of screens related to health management. Please review each screen carefully on to answer the following questions to help us understand your preferences on needs. K on they're going to Quite next. 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
What do you see in this craft? On what you think the different colours and markers represent held urgent, help create te pret so that the function of the scruff and the context of managing diabetes So those questions are going to answer is what I see in the draught on what you find the different cows on market represent. So it's very clear here that is, representing. I'm just trying to move the page down about on it should move down. I can also expand my Mitch. I want to see if expanding them, which helped. So I think that doesn't actually help expanding its I'm going to make it smaller again. I'm just trying to do that. Who's the damage on? They survive to see what they see in the graph. This is showing me. I would say this is showing me my caucus levers of war, normal and high according to the power here. It's showing me that when I take part in any physical charity, it's showing up on this graph. When I take when I have any meal, it's option showing up. So my physical activity is indicated by the queen on my meals served by the boy. That's but at the side iss my caucus level, and I find this is a times throughout the day or the hour throughout the day. Why do you interpret the function of this craft in the context of managing diabetes that is showing you how your focus cow is affected by your physical activity and your meals? So this is helping you to manage your diabetes. Better on Maura fishing Let's is good to have this overview just to see how exercise and eating your meals, regular meals, affection, for instance. This one here is high on. That's about a concern. So that's just the sort of fun you need to be thinking. Should I be taking physical activity doing exercise before I have this meal? I maybe it would be so high. So I think this is helpful and It gives you an idea of how well you're managing your diabetes, 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
which is something that's very important to your knowledge. What primary impact should go? Pot cookies? Huevos? I would say that a number of things. I think that physical activity to me. Maybe it's just me, but I think that has four major man parked Timing of meals is the highest impact. Stress can also impacted by, say, that's medium for me when it comes to types of food, it's a very, very high, in part that food hearts I'm now quite 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
next on. The next question is, to your knowledge, what specific nutrients and packed report Coco's wife loves the most. So I would definitely say I'm Kapil Rehydrated do have medium impact, but the main one is carbohydrates and sugar, so not just carbohydrates in any so carbohydrates and sure, but at the highest, I'm part for me. Proteins have a medium impact from me on so the facts, so as meanwhile I will say carbohydrates and sugar. 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
Next question. How often do you experience going to spill to go despite after meals? I would say sometimes I got to the stage that I know what I can eat and what I can eat and what should be in the average. Still see? Sometimes it does happen. 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
Next question is six. What actions would your white would take if awaited about a Gold Coast spike? I would do everything that I need to get the fortress level down. That's what I would do. I'd do everything I could post with to make it go down, because if it's fights very, very, very dangerous. If it got too high, I would get medical help. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
Next question What? You find it useful to have No time of Wales for Boca Spikes. After eating, I would see definitely, I'd say, very useful because then it could take action because I'm being informed. 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
Next question, which is eight watch design of the described feature. Do you find most effective for your needs? Police fed with this great Why? I can decide if it's a or B or none of the above or aura. Okay, so I want to expand image for this one on which one difference is the most effective from my needs and why. So the first one here is showing you again. It's physical activity on your meals on it, showing you when it's high. Their caucus level is high on it says here, swapping you're done. A past of us zucchini noodles dropped your evening BG by 15 points. Keep up. So, like this information is giving me on the other one, it's more tailored to you. It's got your name that she's get. What, Mike On Broad Co. Course again, when Donald choices are making a difference, you're feeling better, are you? I think that I don't like the personalised message in this one, but I find this one is easier to understand because you don't have to put up the imaginary lines yourself. To which of us on affect this is easier to read. That's one because it's got the cocoas levels at the side. So I would say I'm definitely for me. It would definitely be if I to choose between one of those. I would definitely choose a. I think it is just easier to read. I think he has the It is better the pod Cold Coast message. It has ah, white. That's personalised, but I just don't find the statistics or not have shown as well as in a so If you try to make a choice, I would definitely choose a. So does any. For me, it's the 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
best one next question, as on this Is it to 79. What factors will encourage you to write will use anything features you just saw. I definitely think if it's easy to use personalise, Inside's definitely I don't like it when they use your name on the years data that they got from you proven effectiveness is option poem. I want to know that this is going to help me. It's going to work Recommendations from Health care provider. I think that would also help, especially when with me, I've got a doctor who's also got diabetes. So when they recommend something, I know that they have experience of integration with other health option devices. I don't think that is important to me as other one's aura on what sure what other ones? I would add 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
to that next question as 10. What factors would discourage you from using any of the features you just saw definitely fits complex and difficult to use. It made me feel stupid. I wouldn't use that if it doesn't have personalised insights and that lacto. I definitely would probably not want to use that. I don't want just general advice there. It's about effectiveness that would also prevent me from using it before it wasn't going to work for me. No recommendation from health care provider I don't think that would concern me if I don't get the recommendation. If I get it, it's a bonus. But it's no must have poor integration with other health apse of devices. At the moment, I would say so. I think this could you stand on its own or I can't really think of anything. 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Sorry. Next question is, however, considering the compensation you're receiving for participating in this interview, what percentage of this amount would you be want to give up to access real time of words from workers spikes from one year? I would probably I'm not sure, because obviously I'm doing this to make money to people Christmas, so I think that is really important. But I wouldn't want to give up any part of my compensation I want is still be compensated for being this kind of you. So I'm not quite what sort of a sorry 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
next question is 12 on this one as Please describe what you see on the screen, which is this one focusing on the worst provided on its implications. What do you think is the purpose of identifying the top foods affected workers levels? Do you see yourself utilising this feature to modify your diet on? How important is it that information for? Is this information for your health management? The first one is describe what you're seeing on the screen here, so why am I seeing on the screen here? So what I'm seeing on the screen here is today's activity on It's Got My Meals Added on It's telling me if my mail is balanced is drain forgo Everytime caps, it's red, which is not very good. S a balanced is always, always train here, and that's what you're aiming for. It's also giving me a list of five foods I should avoid, and he can add to that. I think on It's also got here on the other side. Top five offenders spotted on this is your personalised message. They've identified the Fife Foods are spiking my sugar, so I like that has given me the information. If I top it, confuse the worst and get personalised advice. I like that Cesar West on this date and action for better health, which is, after all, what I want the next one as the usual suspects. And it seems we've rounded up the top five foods, causing your sugars rates, which uses, and seif defence. Should you finch in your diet on you contact to reveal the way nuts on get weighing up and get costume taps. You can do that with the one above on Toxicity switched from this action dating to action for bed for health. So I don't like the warding off the That's one I thanks much better the first one, but that's especially showing you the foods that you should avoid. I'm saying they're going back to question. What do they think is the purpose of identifying the top foods? Affective Focus levels, I think, is to make sure that you avoid those are eaten and Moderations so very small amounts. Do you see yourself utilising this future to modify your diet? Definite where if I'm told that some food spike my caucus levels, I will want to avoid those. So I would definitely use this feature. Very important is that this information for health management that's a strip important that I know right away what foods to avoid. So I think this is for entire state and would be very helpful. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
Next question as how do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoints foods reading to significant Gorgas spikes? I would say very valuable, because I need to know that I don't want to have spikes in my caucus levels as it's not good for my health is not good for my health because of my diabetes is so this is very valuable. 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
Next question is 14 Do you come to track foods cause your local spikes? I tried to sew trying todo expenses. I can see 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
Yes. What additional information would you wait this future to provide? I think it be quite useful if it told you search to avoid and what you can you play someone? I think that would be super helpful. 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
The ex question 16. Considering the compensation you're receiving for participating the scent of you, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up access to feature identifies foods causing you Coco's to spite from one year I got Avon City. I wouldn't give up my compensation. I would try the product, though. But I'm not going to give up my compensation for doing this test. I still find that identifying the foods is extremely useful. But I would just expected pay for that. 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
Next question is 17. What information has been conveyed in these notifications about milk timings? Kate is going to make that. So the first one is make again. The both personalised optimise your sneakers. Right. Timing. We noticed you enjoy a Snickers bar almost every day eating it before you. What? What, what, which? The quicker sugarplum organisation that eating it afterwards on you can tap you for more in timing and sides. So I would say this is quite this is useful on what? The question is what information has been conveyed. That's just telling you that the foods that you enjoy you can stop halfthe. Um, if you take it before you walk to work just giving you very helpful advice When T eat on the next one says the same thing about your evening meals that your sugar level to take one, go to settle when you have big meals on it suggests that you eat us someone meal at lunchtime on that will be too quick a normalisation. So that's just basically giving you advice on Warren T. Eat the things that you like your donna to make sure that your glucose levels normalise very quickly. So that's good advice. And what ways do you find these insights could impact your meal planning and corpus level management? Well, the first one about the Snickers I know that if I want to have a Snickers, I don't want it. Wait two o'clock a spike that if I eat it before I walk to work, that will help normalise the sugar level. So I know that I've should really have that before I walk to work with the second one here about your meal. Timing matters that makes me understand that when I eat a meal matters a big meal on, it's telling me that the best time to eat a big meal with that lunchtime she's giving me that fights, which is so helpful I felt these meal. These insights would really help me, because I know, I know if I want my Snickers and got you to have it before I walk to work. If I want my bike meal, I should know we have at lunchtime and say that instead of it done on time. So that's just really going to impact when I eat fans on what I do afterwards, how would you rate the usefulness of receiving and sights on mill timing on? Would you just your eating habits based on them? I would say this is very useful because diabetes is something that affects most in my opinion is what you eat and what you're doing at the time of what you do before we eat. So I would say that this is really useful. This is giving me advice where they can actually eat on also what I can eat. Also, would you adjust your eating habits based on them? Definitely. If I find that that I can still enjoy my snackers on DNO, get Ah, hi hookers reading on my sugar. Whoever will more wise on my coworkers weather, I would definitely change my habit. The thing about the evening meal I would also change my habits just to keep healthy and so definitely just make eating habits. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
Next question. As 18 there you consider the timing of your meals and waiting to book us levels. Yes, I do, because it is very important when you eat and what you do before and after we eat. So I do track that. I do consider the timing of when I'm 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
eating. Next question as 19. How valuable with a future be? That suggests optimal times for consuming certain foods to manage focus levels, I would say very valuable, because this would help me to know when I should be eating for my health, for my good health. So I find that would be very valuable. 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Next question in Southern compensation you receiving for participating this interview? What percentage of this remind would you be willing to give up to access a feature that provide suggestions from optimal meal optimal meal timings for managing Coco's levels? I would pay to use us, but I'm not going to give up any of my compensation. So 0%. 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
Next question is 21. Please describe the way on the screen on what it suggests about physical activity. Hey, so that's just here. When you mike your personal activity threshold as tell you based on your statistic to your data, we've found that just 20 minutes of moderate exercise in you is your pet still fresh hold for positively impacting your time and range on reducing Coco Spikes. Exercising Western that may know, offer the same benefits I can tap here to and more about my activity threshold that is basically telling me that I've got to have some fat equipped cavity on that even just 20 minutes is going to help with my diabetes. So it's very clear what that's saying to me. I need to exercise even if it's just for 20 minutes a day. What do you understand that that the feature that provides a purse personalised activity fresh hold Well, I think this is based on your data. So this is based on your information. So this is personalised. It might not be the same for everyone so very much aimed at you. How likely are you to use this feature in your daily routine? On how beneficial do you think it would be for your diabetes mantra? I would definitely no use us because I want to know that I'm having enough exercise to make sure that my levels like Lucas level slave allies so I would definitely use this feature on this would help with my diabetes management ups on the next question 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
as 22. How valuable would the future be? That provides insights on the Manimal amount of physical activity necessary to impact the Coopers Web ALS again very valuable. I would like to know how much exercise they need to have each day. So I think this is very, very important, and I would 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
use up next question as considering the compensation you're receiving for participating this under year. What percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to? Access of future informs you buy the minimal way for physical activity and patting the focus levels for entire year. I would probably pay for this up off this feature, but I'm not going to give up my compensation. So no for that. 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
Next question is 24 were on 21 minutes. What you see in this notification on what specific activities are being recommended to you? Juice of sorry to manage blood sugar levels. So I'm looking at us here. I'm just moving down the page. That's just telling you this is an activity guide and it's telling you that there is a spike in your pod sugar on that's telling you suggesting activities. You should use that tailed fob you that will help to reduce that blood spike on blood sugar's fight. If he job for 40 minutes, breast work for 40 minutes of the yoga for 45 minutes, these activities, just one of these will help balance your sugar level. So I think that's what we like where you don't have to do them all. You have to do it with one of them. How'd you find this personalised activity? Guide functions in relation to blood sugar in management based on activity suggested I felt this personalised at cavity guide is aimed that making sure you're what sugar doesn't spike. So that's the same To tell you the cavities you can you do? Ah, participate on that. Going to help with your blood sugar level. So I would say this is very, very helpful on I would say here that this is how it works. So you this is suggesting the exercise on you have to do that exercise. How valuable do you think a personalised activity recommendation system like this for managing diabetes on, would would you like, want to follow the suggestion activities? I would definitely follow that. The suggested it tough. It is because I want to make sure my blood sugar levels remain stable, So I would definitely say that this is extremely valuable on. They would definitely use 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
this feature. Next question. There's 25. Are you aware of how different intensities of physical activity affective Booker's levels? Yes, I am on Dwight to know more about definite cavities that maybe I'm new to me, which I do. I'm aware 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
of that, Yes, after physical activity, how long does it usually take your glucose levels to normalise with me? It usually takes about 40 minutes to Owen hour. I'm not sure if it's the same for everyone, but that's what happens 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
with me. Next question is 27. How useful with a future be that estimates the time needed to normalise glucose levels after different types of physical activities. I think this is very valuable because it's giving you activities to choose from is not saying you have to do all free, so that's just helping to keep your levels down the workers level style. So I would say this is very valuable. 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Next question is about the compensation you're receiving for participating that interview. On what percentage would I be willing to give up to access a feature? This feature? I was sayi N 0%. I would pay for this feature, but I'm not going to give up my 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
compensation. What additional functionalities would make this feature more useful for you? I just find if they had more worse of activity. So there's more activities. Maybe they worsted by type of a tavern did such a za robot Kate Cavity, if I'd not be quite helpful. 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
Next question. ISS 40. Can you describe the message displayed on the screen on the character featured on up? Hey, so the message here ISS, but five minutes remaining on What? What if you came for seven hours of sleep? So that's just tell me I have to try and sleep for seven hours on. I might know it's a positive change in my glucose levels. If I do that, the average here is just a a sweet person with a flat till my need to get about sleep on. It seemed a few about sluggish on it might be due to the lack of sleep. I'm getting on. It's telling me I should swap my desk here for 20 minute walk to the Greenmarket. Ah, helpful once you get on your day around. So that's just giving me advice on how to feel West heil, which is very helpful. What purpose do you find this message? Shams serves in terms of management, sweet management and focus control that's just showing you. The main purpose is that your sweet levels also impact on your focus control. So that's just telling your ways to make sure that you get enough sleep. How valuable do you find personally sweet recommendations based on your activity on health data? I would say very valuable because they are personalised that not just general numbers of statistics that personalised to me. 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
Next question is, how often do you track your sleep? Duration of quality? I do often. Sometimes I do forget. I don't have a smart watch I use, but no, I Sometimes I do forget so often, but no always. 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
That's activity as funny to how often do you track the script oration quality again? I'd say often, but not 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
always. Next one is. Are you aware of how your sleep. Parton's affected Corpus way Vote yes, If you don't get enough sleep, then you go. CAS levels can be damage so they can be quite high up or tool if you don't get enough sleep so they can impact on your corpus levels. So sweep is very, very important to everyone and not just people with diabetes. 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
That's question is how important asleep tracking in relation to mansion glucose levels? I would say very important. You must get enough sleep. That's how your body fixes itself when you're sleeping. So I would say it's very important. 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
Next question is what additional functionalities are in states would make this future more useful to you. I think maybe if it had tapped on how to get to sleep would be very, very helpful. 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Next question is fat sex in Southern. The compensation you're receiving for participating this interview? What percentage of this amount would you be want to give up to gain access to feature the tracks and correlate slipped oration on quality within pocus levels Again, I would you is that why would pay to user? So I'm not going to give up any of my compensation I will pay to use a So 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
it's question as 47 Worst line. Let's end on a high note, just not with God course cheque out these different styles of ad aware from a well elevated cookies levels which one strikes the right court review. So first one is formal tone. You go to swivels. Hi, immediate action is required. That doesn't really work Israel on me. That's too much working all that out rather than advice. Casual tone Hey there it looks like you're sure goes up time to take some steps I would want reasonably well with me. Friend with horn heads up the caucuses about high Let's get it down so I don't like it when I get friend were Welsh. Urgent tone well elevated. Coco's detected Please address that he means to formal crunchy tone caucuses. High thing for equal Joe, I would say the one night like the base here is a friendly. Heads up your caucuses about high. Let's get it down. That's my favourite one friendly and it's to the point. So I really like the friend, but one and I would respond based to that one, 

End words:
and a quick we're next on the result