Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
OK, sorry about that guys. There's some sort of dinger going off. That's, that's doing that, my apologies. Um I'm gonna try to make sure that doesn't happen again. Uh It says welcome to uh your our user feedback session. You'll be presented with a series of screens uh related to health management. Please review each screen carefully and answer the following questions to help us understand your preferences and needs. OK? So I'm gonna click next. 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
All right. So I can explain this image. What do you see in this graph? And what do you think the different colors and markers represent? How do you interpret the function of this graph and the context of managing diabetes? All right. So let's take a look. OK. So um just taking a look at it here, 246 hours at a time. So what I interpret this to be is that um it's almost a little too big, close the image so I can see the whole thing. All right. So what I do with this to be that is at um in the early morning, it shows that um it's kind of funny because it's, it, it is um the physical activity ranges are set up weird, but then you have the same color for normal. So what I, what I think I see is that in this column here in the green, it during a period of physical activity and um it was my blood sugar was normal leading into that. Then at around two hour mark, it started to get a little low. And so uh I probably ate in this representation and of course, it's gonna spike a little bit high at about the four hour mark. Um you know, from my insulin auction. And so at this point, it's high, but then it declines back and goes down low again. And so what I think the green column means is that that's a period of physical activity. And uh in between the blue marks are the meals between the blue triangles, here are the meals and that's where it's going high. And then of course, after insulin, it's gonna drop down low again. 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
To your knowledge that primarily impacts your blood glucose levels. Uh stress can have a high impact. Timing of meals can have a high, well, timing can have a medium impact. Types of food is everything here is, is in regards to the types of food you're eating and physical activity can have a pretty high impact as well 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
to your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact your blood glucose levels, the most um long acting carbohydrates have a low impact. Uh But it says any carbohydrates, sugar, carbohydrates definitely have a high impact. But proteins also have an high, high impact and it's the way you phrased it because ha proteins uh have a high impact in a favorable way, but you don't really say negatively. So um I'm gonna say, but it also has a high impact. And so does any carbohydrates, um fat can have a medium impact in causing inflammation and causing constriction in your blood vessels and so forth. So I would say medium, 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
how often do you experience blood glucose spikes after meals? Sometimes 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
I'm pretty careful about what I eat. What action would you like to take if alerted about a glucose spike, depending on the level of it. Uh If I've eaten something, I, I didn't know then that does happen. Um I would take some insulin to potentially correct. So, what I I've had happen for instance is I went to this place called K pot and it's um like Korean uh K pot. It's like wok stir fry, right? All I really ate uh was stir fried vegetables and meat. Uh which ordinarily shouldn't have bothered me, but the cook for the K pot did put like soy sauce or and so forth. What I thought was soy sauce was heavily sugared and it really sent me into a sugar spin. And so, um yeah, that, that was a problem. So I, I have to uh get a shot. I had to give myself a shot right after that. So, yeah, I would take insulin. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
Would you find it useful to have real time alerts for glucose spikes after eating? It depends. II I would really say somewhat new, useful. It would help me to have, um, I can get really O CD about this guy and I can get really anxious over it, like seriously anxious. So it would help me when it has notifications or alerts that show me that it's like really kind of dangerously high and really needs a dress um to have little raises in blood sugar after you eat is normal. And I don't wanna be on, I don't wanna be scared to do anything anxious my whole life three times a day. So somewhat useful depending on how it's done. 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
Which of the described features do you find most effective for your needs? OK. Let's expand this image for me, the more simplified um image on the right where it just shows the blood blood glucose and not the columns is better design B So why is it just is more simplified? I was very confused by the columns and how it is sorting out the timing and the range of of this. I mean, I am but I'm not, but it's just overwhelming to look at and try to figure out 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
what factors would encourage regularly use any of the features. You just saw ease of use, integration with other health apps, personalized insights. 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
What factors would discourage you from any of the things you just saw complexity and more integration. 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Considering the compensation you are receiving for participating in this interview, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up access to real time alert for glucose spikes for one year? I'm super confused by your question considering your compensation for this interview. What percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to to access real time alerts? Ok. For glucose sites over one year. Well, it's only $10 I guess I would say uh more than 10% I would invest in it. 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
Please describe what the focusing on the list provided and its implications. What do you think is the purpose? If I can find the top foods that affect your blood glucose levels, stay away from them. I don't have to look at that to determine that, you know, if something is uh giving me a a glucose spike, I stay away from it. II I deceased eating it one time. I ate uh a little bit of birthday cake. It was supposed to be all natural. It was made with beets. I did not know that beets are high in carbohydrates, uh very, very high in sugar, carbohydrates. I did not know that I, I've never eaten beets again. Thought I was gonna die. Do you see yourself utilizing this feature to modify your diet? And how important is this information for your health management. Ok. So what I see on the screen, five, top five offenders spotted, turn this data into action for better health. Ok. The usual suspects we've rounded up the top five foods ca causing your blood sugar spikes, use it to fine tune your diet. Then it, what it looks like on the screen is that, um, we have balanced at breakfast and balanced at lunch, but my snack was high carb. So it tells me that uh basically I have um you know, at least one meal um that is running high and that I should be mindful of what I'm eating for the rest of the day. So the impact on this would be to deter me from eating this food. I want my blood sugar to be in rain. Uh I do not want my vision affected all these things that it really, really matters to me. So, and I don't feel good when I get my blood sugar spike, like I really don't feel good. It freaks me out. That thing is a motivation. So identifying those foods would be super helpful cause I would stay away from them. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoints foods leading to significant spikes? 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
Very value. Do you currently track foods that cause you to spike? Yes, I do. 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
What additional information would you like me to provide? Um what the spike is moderate to high? Whether it falls within a low glycemic? Food or a high glycemic food. Uh some things we eat, you don't realize like the K pot, you know that it's a high glycemic food, um, or it has refined sugar in it. Um I would, I would love alerts but I wanna fine tune my alerts to up over a certain amount of spike where it really needs, it's gonna need a, a shot. Um I want overall snapshots instead it as, as far as my long term goal on a daily basis, I don't want things that, that alarm me every day 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the compensation you are receiving for parti for participating in this interview. What amount would you be willing to give up to access a feature that identifies food causing your glucose spike? Uh More than one more 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
than 10%. What information is being conveyed in these notifications about meal timings? We noticed you enjoy Snickers Bar every day, uh uh uh eating it before your walk to work leads to a quicker sugar normalization than eating it for. Ok. So I got it, Mike is hooked on Snickers and he, if he did it before a walk, it would probably be, you know, he would be getting away with it a little bit easier. So it, it informs you as to when is the best time to eat those types of things. And I think that that is amazing. I would read the usefulness of this as being very high. I myself in that way. Even if I'm gonna eat, if I'm gonna go out with my daughter and have no sugar added yogurt and I'm gonna weigh it and make sure I only eat four ounces. I do that in the midday. That's not something I will do early in the morning or late at night. Uh, you know, like some families go out after dinner for dessert. I would not do that. Um, I eat it in the middle of the day when I'm most active and, and, and it's gonna not give me a blood sugar spike that makes me feel sick. So I think that this is really super helpful. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
Yes, I do consider the timing of my meals and my 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
planning. I consider that to be 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
very, very valuable, especially as a new diabetic, I would give more than 10% and invest in that feature. I think that especially as a new diabetic, it's highly, highly valuable. It really can uh help you keep on track uh with your A one C and, and that long term goal of getting it down, 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
please describe the alert on the screen. And what is the G about physical activity based on your data? We found that just 20 minutes of moderate exercise is your personal threshold for positively impacting your time in range and reducing blood blood glucose spikes, exercise less than that may not offer the same benefits. So what this does is it puts a goal in front of you. That's so achievable. Just 20 minutes, 20 minutes. So I, I think that uh that would help motivate me to, to do that 20 minutes to get the prize of being within range. So I'd be very likely 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
to use this. I find this to be valuable, not very valuable but valuable, helpful. 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Um I would say that I would uh this feature is quite important to me. I would give 6 to 10% of my honorarium 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
for that. OK. The next one, Mike's personalized activity guide, we've detected a recent blood spike in your blood sugar. Uh Here are some suggested activities, jog or walk for 40 minutes, yoga for 45. OK. So this is helpful, but some of these things I would never do, I would do jogging or never do yoga. So this isn't quite as helpful as the previous message. 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
Are you aware of how different intensities of physical activity affect your glucose? Blood glucose levels? 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
Yeah. Yeah. After physical activity, how long does it usually take for your glucose levels to normalize n normally during the activity? So less than 30 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
minutes, how useful would a feature be that estimates the time needed to normalize the glucose levels after different types of physical activities? That would be very 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
valuable to me. And I would uh feel like that feature is quite important to me. 6 to 10% is what I would 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
be willing to give. What additional functionalities would make this feature more useful for you. It would be helpful if I could put in the activities I like to do, which are stationary, cycling, walking and a aerobics because I need low impact because of my back and my age. And it would tell me which of those features w what it would take to normalize after doing the ones that I actually do, 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
can you describe the message displayed on the screen and the character featured in it feeling a bit sluggish. It might be due to less sleep and sitting too much. Absolutely. What if you swapped your desk chair for a 20 minute walk to green market, a healthier lunch could turn your day around. So it's just a bit of encouragement and to remind you that sleep and everything does affect how well you do uh with managing your blood sugar. It has a profound effect. So, yeah, it's helpful. 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
How often do you track your sleep duration quality? Uh Always, 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
how often do you track your sleep duration and quality? Still always. 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect your glucose levels? Yes, very much. 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
So, how important is sleep tracking in relation to managing your glucose levels? Um It is important to do that. It's because you, you will not stay in range. Uh You, you produce too much cortisol if you don't sleep. So, um it's necessary 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
what additional functionalities or insights would make this feature more useful to you. Um I think that um showing me what I have been sleeping over time and what I would gain if I uh actually got this even 10 more minutes sleep that might help 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
motivate me. Um For this feature, I would see some value in it. I get a pretty good idea of what sleep is doing to my blood sugar from my continuous blood glucose monitor and uh the journal that I keep the devi the app that I use to track all of these things. So I see some value in it. 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
Let's end on a high note, not just your glucose, check out these different styles of blurs for elevated glucose levels. Which one strikes the right chord with you. Your glucose level is high and immediate that action is required. Hey, there time to take some steps. Friendly heads up, your glucose is a bit high. Let's get it down alert. Elevated glucose. Detective, please address glucoside time for equilibrium. Wow, this is hard. I think that the friendly tone probably strikes the best chord for me uh without alarming me but telling me, yeah, you gotta watch 

End words:
this.