Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
Welcome to our user feedback session. You present with the series screens related to health management. Please review each screen carefully and answer the following questions to help us understand your preferences and needs. 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
What do you see in this graph? What do you think the different colors and markers represent? So it looks like a line of where I'm supposed to be. Um And then it kinda breaks it down uh during your day of when you're eating and then also your physical activity. But then it looks like it also may be your blood glucose level as well and see where it spikes or goes low. How do you interpret the function of this graft in the context of managing diabetes? So knowing when you're physically active and looking at your blood glucose level, um I think that's what it mainly is. Uh and then being able to manage it and knowing when you're spiking and when you're going low. Um So that's how I would look at that 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
to your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blood glucose levels. Um So the types of food has a high impact oh physical activity um can definitely have a impact timing of meals and also stress 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
to your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact your glucose levels the most. So definitely sugars. Um ok, protein carbohydrates. 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
How often do you ex experience glucose spikes after meals often? 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
Which actions would you like me to take if alerted about glucose spike? So I definitely try to lower it. Um That's what I would try to do if I was getting seeing a spike, um possibly reaching out to a doctor um to see what else I can do. Uh Maybe it's medication that I need to take at certain times. Uh Exercise. Uh Those are the types of things that I would do. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
Where do you find it useful to have real time alerts for glucose spikes after eating? I find that to be very useful. 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
Which design of described features do you find most effective for your need? Um So let's take a look. So glucose go work might get interested in making a difference. You're feeling better, aren't you? Ok. So I definitely like how it tells me where my normal range is my high, where my low is and it kind of breaks it down. So I kinda like a more only because it gives me a little bit more detail about my physical activity when I'm having meals, uh the time of day and usually tracking um my levels. So I kinda prefer that one as being the most effective. 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
What factors would encourage you to regularly use any of the features you just saw. So definitely an easy use personalized insights. Uh If it's proven to work, um if it's usually integrative with other um devices, 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
what factors would you from using it in the future? So definitely difficult to use, not personalized to me, um isn't effective like if it's not giving me correct information, those would be the main things 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
concerning the compensation you're receiving participating in this interview. What percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access real time alerts for glucose spikes for one year? Um Probably 6 to 10%. 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
Please describe what you see on the screen focusing on the list provided and its implications. What do you think is the purpose of the top foods that affect your glucose levels? Do you see yourself utilizing this feature to modify your diet? And how important is this information for you? Um So it's giving me information about foods that, you know, or spiking my sugar level. So things that I probably definitely should avoid. Um And then it gives me the usual suspects. Um So they give you insights which I find to be very helpful. Um And then you should be easily able to track your meals. Uh what it is, whether it's it's a balanced meal or uh it's an increase in foods to avoid. Um So those are things that I find to be very helpful. Um So it tells me where, where I am. So where I have a balanced diet where you know, I don't see those spikes. So I could definitely see myself utilizing this. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoints food leading to significant glucose space? Very valuable? 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
Do you currently check foods that cause your glucose spikes? Not really, 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
what additional information would you like this feature to provide? So just tips uh things that can help uh when you have that spike or when um you know, you notice that a certain food um does those spikes? So uh it can help you decide on what not to eat and what foods to avoid 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the compensation you're receiving for the participant in this interview. What percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access a feature that identifies foods causing you to lose? Like? So definitely 6 to 10%. 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
What information being conveyed in these notifications about meal timings? And what ways do you think these insights can impact your meal planning and glucose level management? How would you rate the usefulness of receiving insights on meal timing and would you adjust your eating habits based on them? So optimize your Snickers timing. We know if you enjoy Snickers for almost every day eating before you walk to work leads to quicker sugar normalization and eating it afterwards. So I like how it's giving me that information. So tips and tricks is knowing what I'm eating and then give me advice on what to do to maintain my glucose level. So it could definitely tell me of the time of day that I should be eating these things. Um So I find that to be very personalized and that's what I really do like. And so I definitely find that to be very effective and I definitely would adjust my meal timing based off of that. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
Do you consider the time of your meals in relation to your glucose levels? Yes. 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
How valuable would would a feature be that suggests optimal times for consuming certain foods to manage glucose? Very valuable 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
concerning the conversation you're receiving for participating in this interview? What presents the man would you be willing to give up to access a feature that provides suggestions for optimal meal timings for managed 6 to 10%? 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
Please describe the alert on the screen and what it suggests about physical activity. What do you understand about the feature that provides this personalized activity threshold alert? How likely are you to use this feature in the utility too? And how beneficial you think it is for the diabetes management? So Mike's personal activity threshold, basically, we found that just 20 minutes moderate access your personal threshold, possibly impact your time and range and reducing Gluco specs actually less than and that may not offer the same. So I find it to be very helpful. Um I like how it's telling me my personal activity threshold of where, how long you need to be a actively uh active for? Um I understand how simple is I, I just need to run or walk and be active for that 20 minutes. Um And that will give me the benefits. Anything less, may not give me as much benefits. I would definitely use this feature. Uh And it's definitely helping with keeping the glucose levels in s in range. 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
I would definitely use it I valuable. So I find it to be valuable 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the conversation even participant in his interview, what percentage say 1 to 5? 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
What do you see in this notification? What specific activities you're being recommended to manage blood sugar levels? How do you think this personalized activity guide functions in relation to blood sugar management based on the activity suggested? How valuable do you think a personalized activity recommendation, a system like this for managing diabetes? And would you be likely to allow the suggestion activity? So next person, we've just had a recent spiking your blood sugar here so I can suggest that activities to a just for you. So I like how it gives me ideas. It, it notices that there's a spike in the ways that I can try to um mitigate them right now uh in the moment. So I find that to be very helpful. Um How valuable is it? I I find it to be very valuable. So you have the idea of what you need to do. Uh Right then and there rather than trying to call a doctor or anything like that, and I would definitely follow this. 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
Are you aware of how different intensities of physical affect your glucose level? Yes. 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
After physical activity, how long does it usually take for your glucose levels to normalize about 30 minutes an hour? 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
How useful would a feature be that estimates of time used to normal glucose levels after different types of physical activities? I find that to be very valuable 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the conversation you're receiving participation. So I find to be valuable, 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
what additional functionality would make this feature more useful for you? So definitely, you know, you know, if it knows that I like to run a lot, maybe have that be the thing like, hey, go ahead and run for 30 minutes because you know, this is gonna cause you know, an increase in your blood sugar level. So uh uh different tips and tricks like that. I think w where it personalizes it to me, I think would be the most beneficial. 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
Can you describe the message displayed on the screen and the character featured in it? What pressure do you think this measure serves? In terms of sleep management and glucose control? How valuable do you find personalized sleep recommendation based on your activity? So sleep uh hello. What if you aim for seven hours of sleep tonight? You might notice a positive change in your glucose level. So it's a heart and he's definitely sleeping. Um So it's kind of giving you tips on sleep management. Um, purpose is to help you get a better night's rest to help manage your blood glucose level. Uh How viable? I find it informative and helpful. Uh, not as vital as the other ones, in my opinion, but I still think that that's still something that is needed. 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
How often do you check your sleep during duration and quality? Uh Sometimes 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
how often do you track your sleep duration in quality? Sometimes? 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
Are you aware how your sleep patents affect your glucose levels? No. 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
How important is sleep tracking in relation to managing glu I'd say somewhat important. 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
What additional function insights would make this future more useful too? So maybe certain times of day that I know I need to sleep more to be more well rested and be able to manage my glucose levels. I think that would be key. So something that personalizes it and gives you time of best times to go to sleep, 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
concerning the conversation you receive and participate in this interview. What percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to gain access a feature that tracks and corrects ation quality? So probably about 1%. 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
Let's leave. Let's end on a high note. Just not with your glucose, check out these different styles alerts for elevated glucose level, which one strikes the right core with you? Probably the friendly tone. I just prefer that.

