Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be presented with a series of screens related to health management. Please review each screen carefully and answer the following questions to help us understand your preferences and needs. 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
What do you see in this graph? And what do you think the different colors and markers represent? Uh physical activity and meals? Um Yeah, it's kind of weird. So uh physical activity and meals, I don't know, it doesn't make sense to me. Physical activity is green and meals is blue. So this is a graph for meals, but it's not a graph for physical activity doesn't make sense. How do you interpret the function of this graph? And there should be two, there should be physical activity, there should be meals, there should be two lines. Not one. That's my impression. How do you interpret the function of this graphic context of man? I don't interpret it at all. It doesn't make sense 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
to me. Sorry. Uh Well, that was active the first activity and you probably don't like the answer to your knowledge. What primary primarily impacts your blood glucose levels? Um physical activity, um types of food. Those are the high impact uh stress, uh low impact uh timing of meals. Mhm. That has a medium impact. 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
Ok. To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact your blood glucose level of the mouth? That's easy, high impact, high impact, low impact if any proteins, fats, low impact, if any, 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
how often do you experience glucose spikes after meals? Sometimes I really watch what I eat. So sometimes 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
what actions would you like to take if you still learned about a glucose spike? Um get up and move. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
Would you find it useful to have real time alerts for glucose spikes after eating? Yeah, I think that would be good. 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
Very useful. Which design of the described feature do you find most effective for your needs? Um They don't make sense to me. So none, they just don't make sense. I wanna see two lines, not one line, sorry, that would make sense. Blood glucose, I'd like to see. Um Yeah. One for food and one for blood glucose. One for um uh yeah, I don't know, but 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
it's just, it just doesn't make sense to me. I don't know what factors would encourage you to regularly use any of the features you just saw or ease of use and that wasn't ease of use, but that doesn't apply to what I just saw um proven effectiveness, personal 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
insights, what factors would discourage you from using any of the following uh complexity or difficulty of use? Lack of personal insights, doubts about effectiveness. Um those 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
OK. Activity 11 considering the compensation you're receiving participant in this interview, what percent of the of this amount would you be willing to give up to access real time alerts for glucose spikes for one year? Um Well, if that graph thing, was it the nun? 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
Mhm. Please describe what you see on the screen focusing on the list provided and its implications. OK. So today's nutrition, balanced breakfast, balanced snack, high carb. It's not good lunch, balance bread, bananas, watermelon, chocolate cocktails, tough foods to avoid bread. Yeah, I don't eat bread, bananas. I eat little bits watermelon. Um sometimes chocolate uh 85% plus uh cocoa content. I eat cocktails. No. Um Anyway, this is interesting. I like this, this this I can make sense of everything on here. Top five offenders spotted. Um the usual suspects. I like this. So please describe what you see on the screen. Just more information about what to eat and what not to eat. What do you think is a perfect of foods that affect your? Well, the purpose is you don't wanna spike your glucose and you wanna avoid those foods. Do you see yourself utilizing this feature to modify your diet? Yes. As a reminder, I already know, but I'd like to see it as a reminder. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
Next. How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoints food leaving as soon? Very valuable. 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
That's something I always want need to be reminded of. Do you currently track foods that cause you? Yes, I do. I track 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
my food. Try to avoid simple carbs, cut out simple carbs and avoid any um M carbs. What additional information would you like this feature to provide? Well, that feature, I think it was good. 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Next, considering the compensation you've already received and what percent of the amount would be willing to give us? That's just a weird question. It's causing you glucose. Um I can always look it up online. So 0% 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
what information is being conveyed in these notifications about meal timings? Um You know, you enjoy Snickers Bar almost every day. No, I don't. That would be nuts. Your meal timing matters as you have been, have a big evening meal, your sugar loaves are taking longer. Yeah. So these are, these are good things. Ok. In what ways do you think these insights can impact your meal planning? Um That's just what they do. They impact my meal planning. Then it's information I need to modify my meal planning. How would you rate the usefulness of receiving? And so I think that's good. Um uh I think that's a good thing to have. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
Do you consider time of your meals raising? Uh Yes, I do. 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
Max. How valuable would a feature that says apple time for soon? I think that's very valuable 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
next. Um But still, um there's something called A I now, especially in addition to the internet or combined with the internet. So, um, I use that like a lot all day, every day to look up information about you this kind of thing, uh type two diabetes and everything about it. So I wouldn't give up any part of my conversation because 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
I already have that. Ok, please describe the alert on the screen or what it suggests about physical activity. Um, ok. A lot chiefs together. Well, I have Fitbit. So, um so uh what do you understand about the fee prize per activity festival? Fresh Polar. Well, I like it. Um I already have something like that but I like it. How likely are to use this feature in your daily routine? Like I said, I already have fitbit. If I didn't, then I would 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
use it next. How about a feature that, that provides inside a minimal level? Well, it's very valuable if you don't have another fitness 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
tracker, uh 0% because I have 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
another fitness tracker. What do you see in this modification? And what specific activities are being recommended to manage blood sugar? Uh, jogging, 30 minutes, brisk walking, 40 minutes, yoga, 45 minutes. Um So I like this. This is interesting. Ok, so jogging 30 minutes, that's a lot of jogging even though I do about 50 minutes about four times a week, but still uh brisk walking 40 minutes. I do that to yoga. So, yeah, this is good. Um ok, what do you see this notification was it's just uh um that it's different ways to balance sugar levels. Um And how do you think sexuality guide function in relation to blood sugar management? Uh These are different ways to uh reduce um insulin uh blood sugar spikes. Uh How valuable do you think a personalized activity recommends just like this? Well, once again, I, yeah, I mean, this is interesting, I I don't have this on my Fitbit tracker and I haven't really seen this kind of breakdown before. So, um I think it's uh valuable. 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
Um You were a different in its got you. Uh No, I haven't really combined those two. I just know that I always have to move a lot and I'll probably have a reminder to get up and move before this test is over on my computer screen. Which you'll see. Are you aware of how different is it? Um No, actually I haven't. That's weird. 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
I haven't combined those two. Uh after physical, how long does it usually take for your glucose levels to normalize? Uh I haven't really tested. I, that's something I haven't really combined. So I don't know, I just now I need to exercise. So I don't know how 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
those things combine. How useful would a feature be that estimates the time needed to normalize? I think that would be 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
very valuable because it's 11 tiny little aspect that I have I've explored. Uh So, um I think this is interesting. I'm 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
gonna give that a 10% you hit on something that I don't have what additional functionalities would make this feature more useful to. Uh No, I like that. I like all the different things I can do and for how long to normalize my glucose 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
levels. OK. Can you describe the message? OK. So this is this again. So uh feeling a bit sluggish, it might be due to less sleep and sitting too much. Yeah, I know about that. Yeah, I know about that. Ok. So this is this is telling people who don't know how sleep affects their glucose levels that it does, which I already know and I track my sleep gonna work at trying to get a decent amount of sleep. How valuable you find the personal sleep recommendations based on I think, I think they're very valuable. 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
Um I really pay a lot of attention to that. How often do you track your sleep? Always? 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
Uh how often do you check your situation quality? Always? 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect your glucose levels? Yes, I 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
am. That night sleep is not good for my glucose levels. How important is sleep tracking? I think it's very 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
important. Uh What additional functional functionalities or insights would make this feature more useful to you? Um None. I think tracking sleep when combined with my blood glucose monitoring um is the combination I don't think you can improve on 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
that. Uh Well, I'm already paying for it for like I said with Fitbit. Um So let's pretend I'm not. Um I would say more than 10% because I think 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
that's very important. Lastly, let's end on a high note, not just with glucose, check out these different styles of alerts for elevating glucose levels. Ok. Formal tone. Your glucose level is high and he ok. Casual tone. Hey, that looks like your glucose is up. Friendly tone. Heads up your glucose up a bit. Let's get it down. Urgent tone alert, elevated glucose detected. Please address crunchy tongue glucose is high time for equilibrium. That's interesting. I like either, hey, there it looks like your sugars up time to take some steps or crunchy tongue glucose is high time for equilibrium. Just that one. I like 

End words:
the best crunchy tone.