Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
I call some type of D but? 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
Ok. OK. What do I see in this graph? Let's see. Um The way I look at it uh is um it seems like the physical. Ok. So, hm, honestly, I'm not, I'm really not sure. It doesn't really make a lot of sense to me. I'm not sure what the numbers on the left side represent uh or the, the horizontal or the vertical numbers to be honest. And I'm not sure what the dots are either. I understand that green is for physical activity. Um But then there's also a green that's uh represents normal. OK. So I guess these dots here uh green represents a normal level, yellow represents a low level and red represents a high level. I just don't know of what. OK. Wait a second. All right. I see the blue lines here and the green lines, but I don't know that just that doesn't make sense. I've never seen anything quite like that. 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...


Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
Hm What, now what specific nutri nutrients impact your blood clu blood glucose levels, the most carbohydrates. Um I would say high carbohydrate sugar, high um proteins, I would say low and fats low. Um, honestly, for sugar, I may say hi and carbohydrates any medium. Although I, I think they may both be high. 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
Yeah, I definitely have glucose spikes after meals and it's, it's definitely relates to um, what I eat if I eat a very sugary meal or um, a very, a meal full of like carbohydrates, which I'm not supposed to do but sometimes do. Yeah, that's usually when that happens. 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
Uh I learned about a glucose spike. Honestly, it depends on the, the severity of it and how I felt if I, if I got, uh, a warning that I was experiencing a glucose spike and I felt, um, lightheaded, if I had changes in my vision, then I would go to the, er, I don't mess around with that. But if I feel ok, I may just wait and see. Um, because it also, it often resolves itself as long as I stick to, um, a pretty well balanced diet, uh, for the rest of the day in regards to basically avoiding sugar as much as I can. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
But I find a time to have real time alerts for glucose spikes after eating. Oh, definitely. Um, I mean, I do to a certain extent now but I wouldn't say it's al, it's not really real time, um, because there's, you know, a little bit of a wait period for the testing, but real time alert. Sure, that would be wonderful. I'm not sure how exactly that would work though. 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
What design of the described feature do I find the most effective? Let's see. I'm gonna take a closer look here. Swapping your pasta for zucchini noodles. OK. I would definitely say uh b um that first image the way that it's designed. I understand the what these mean here, the low, normal, high, I get that. What I don't get is the physical activity in meals and the way that that's, I don't know, that just adds more confusion into the mix. And so did the numbers really not sure how to make sense of that, but this just lets me know where I'm at. I definitely prefer b 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
what factors would I would encourage me to regularly use any of the features? I just saw um proven effectiveness, ease of use. That's probably about it, personalized insights, I mean, I guess, but I don't know, it seems like anybody could say anything unless I knew them and I, if it's a personalized insight from someone I, I knew, then I'm, I may uh that may encourage me 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
what would discourage me um complexity or difficulty of use for sure. Um And the opposite of the what I said in the last my answer for the last question. Doubts about effectiveness. Yeah, 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the compensation I'm receiving for participating in this interview, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access real time alerts for glucose spikes for one year? Yeah, I'm not gonna give up any of my compensation. Not today. 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
Please describe what I see on the screen focusing on the list provided and its implications. What do I think is the purpose of identifying the top foods that affect your glucose levels? Do you see yourself utilizing this feature to modify your diet? And how important is this information for your health management? All right, let's take a look at this unless provided and its implications. Well, I definitely like um, the list here saying what foods to avoid. I don't know though. Um, although it, it's nice to have that reminder in front of me. And so I also already really know the foods that I need to avoid. Um, it's just sometimes I just don't care, I guess and as horrible as that sounds, it's true. Um So I think that um it's helpful to get the reminder. I don't think that it's uh a make or break type of thing. Like just seeing that list is not always gonna stop me in my tracks from indulging. If I really want some chocolate, then I'm gonna have some chocolate. Um I think it's important to have the reminder. You never know when something is just gonna click and maybe I need to see it one day, you know, hey, these foods are really affecting me. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
How do I rate the value of a feature that pinpoints the foods leading directly to a significant glucose spike? Not valuable somewhat valuable, neutral um valuable or very valuable. Let's see. Um how do we rate the value of a feature that pinpoints foods leading to a significant go spike? I would say valuable. 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
Do I currently track foods that cause uh glucose spikes uh to a certain extent I do? Yeah. Uh mm ok. 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
Next, what additional information would you like this feature to provide? Um maybe a little more insight on exactly why those foods would affect my blood sugar. Um The implications of not following the advice, so on and so forth, something like that would be helpful. I think give me a better idea of um what could happen if I choose to uh not really pay attention to my diet? I guess 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering compensation, I'm receiving, what uh amount would I be willing to give up to access a feature that identified food um causing my glucose spikes for a year? Yeah, I'll say zero again. 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
Sorry. But yeah, what information is being conveyed in these notifications about meal timings in what way do I think these insights could impact my meal planning and glucose level management? How would I rate the usefulness of receiving insights on meal timing? Would you adjust your eating habits? Um Let's see. Yeah, I think the insights are helpful. It kind of goes along with what I said about the list though. I think that um there's nothing that could really get me to change my mindset if I have it in my head that, you know, I want something. I do think this is helpful though. We've noticed you enjoy a sticker Snickers bar almost every day. But eating it before your walk to work leads to quicker sugar normalization than eating it afterwards. That's helpful. Knowing that, um, and that when you have a big meal, your sugar levels take longer to settle. It is similar meal at lunchtime. Yeah, that's definitely helpful. Extremely useful. I think, 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...


Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
yes, I do consider the timing and I think that uh suggesting valuable in optimal times 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
would be very valuable. Yes, and I would not still not give up any of my 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
compensation. This is Christmas stuff, money. All right, please describe the alert on the screen and what it suggests about physical activity. What do I understand about the feature that provides this personalized activity threshold alert and how likely am I use it? Based on my data? We found that just 20 minutes of moderate exercise is a personal threshold for positively impacting your time and range and reducing glucose spikes, exercising lesson that may not offer the same benefits. Ok. Yeah, that's cool. I like tap here to learn more about your unique activity threshold. Ok. Um I think the encouragement to kind of step it up a little bit helps knowing that um a little bit more than 20 minutes is the best bet. Yeah, I think I would definitely incorporate it into my routine at least take note of it 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
and I do think that it would be very uh valuable 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
and if that uh percentage question comes up, which is just it, I'm gonna have 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
to pick zero again. Ok. What specific activities are recommended to manage blood sugar levels? Let's see. What do I think about these? How valuable? Oh, here are some suggested activities. So jogging for 30 minutes, yoga for 45 or brisk walking for 40. I kind of go along with just the last one. I think it would be helpful. I'd like knowing, you know what's recommended as far as the times and the exercises um that would be most effective. So I would definitely take note of that at, at the very least. 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
And I do um I am aware of different intensities of physical activity. 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
I'm only able to participate in some though because I have other issues. So, um how long does it take usually for glucose level? Uh glucose levels to normalize, I would say about 30 minutes to an hour generally. 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
And I would say that an estimate on time, uh we'll say somewhat valuable for this one. 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
I can usually figure it out and 0%. Again. 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
Um Additional functionalities would make this feature u more useful. Maybe some examples like maybe uh here's a website or here's a link to a website that provides um some activities for people that uh are diagnosed with type two diabetes. We think that um could potentially help motivate you? I guess that's one idea. 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
Can I describe the message displayed on the screen and the character? What purpose do I think this message in terms of sleep in, move lost control? Well, I think the image is, um, I think that's pretty much like the heart saying that it's, it's done. It's tired, sluggish. Um, I was wondering if that stood for like diabetes management because I think, or awareness because I think that's blue. But for the flag. But I don't know, it just seems like maybe the heart is waving a flag because it's just tired. And, uh, a personalized sleep recommendation. I don't know if I find that too, too helpful. The walk thing definitely. You know, that's a good reminder. But the sleep, I know how much sleep I should get. Sometimes I just have a problem sleeping and sometimes it's because of the side effects I experience from just diabetic side effects, like, uh, having to pee all throughout the night. So I guess it's, it's good to see. I wouldn't say that it's not helpful at all, but I think it needs to go a little further than that to be truly helpful. I already know what I should do. Most of us do. 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
I usually do track my sleep 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
and it's pretty much always bad. Hm. Yeah, I'll say often, 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
yes, I'm very aware that they can 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
affect glucose levels and, um, I think the tracking could be important. Sure. 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
I think um additional functionalities would be, man. How can I just sleep through the night? How can I sleep through the night when I feel like, um, I'm having these symptoms all throughout the night that keep me up. What can I do? Will diet, will really adhering to um, the recommended diet? Really help with that so on and so forth. 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
And I would not give up any part of my compensation. 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
Lastly, let's on a high note. Not just with glucose, check out these different cells of alerts which one strikes the right chord. Hm. Crunchy tone. I like the crunchy tone. Urgent tone. I don't need alert, alert and heads up is a little bit too friendly. 

End words:
So crunchy.