Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
You'll be presented with a series of screens related to health management. Please review each screen carefully to answer the questions. 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
What do you see in this graph? What do you think the different colors represent? All right. So we can't really tell they look like periods because this looks like 0 to 2. So, but you can't really read it because this is like a two hour gap. But we don't even know where the three hour mark is. Um And I suppose that like it's not insanely maybe, I mean, you'd, you'd like it to be a little bit more detailed, although what is on the left then? So obviously, this is a reading. So this is a high reading. These are low readings. This is normal. This is to say you did physical activity during this time period. You ate during this time period or I guess you ate here and here. Why would you eat at three and five? Yeah, that doesn't make anybody sense. Nobody would eat at three and five. Yeah, I don't know. This charts really wacky. I mean, it appears that this is gray in. So I thought like this indicated physical activity during this time period. So I figured that this meant that you ate during this time period. But eating between three and five is a little ridiculous. Who spends two hours eating a meal? I didn't even spend that long eating Thanksgiving and you're definitely not gonna eat at three and five o'clock. Yeah. So that's definitely confusing. But you can see red means high, green means good and yellow means low. Um, well, was bad for sure. 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
Um, food has an impact. Uh, the timing of meals. I don't know. I would basically say what you eat and your physical activity. 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
Um, I don't think that's would do it. Too much. Carbs are gonna raise your blood sugar. 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
Uh, you pretty much always your glucose spikes up after you eat 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
very common and then it goes down. Um, I don't think you necessarily need to be alerted. Um, because generally when you eat your blood sugar is gonna go up but it should stabilize. Um, in a couple of hours. I think what you need to be alerted to is if it doesn't kind of go down because if you do some research, you'll see that they'll kind of tell you if you have type two diabetes. We think it should be here. We think it should be here within X hours after a meal. Um, so, yeah, I mean, you'd be getting an alert every time you ate. So that would just be useless. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
Um, no, not at all because like I said, it's not useful. Your blood sugar is gonna, it's like you're out on a run and they go, would you like to get an alert if your heartbeat increases? Of course your freaking heartbeats can increase, you're out on a run. You know. So, yeah, it's pretty, pretty useless. I think if your blood sugar doesn't go down and decline, like it should 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
then, yeah, that's kind of a red flag that you should talk to your doctor about. Um, I mean, I don't really like either. I mean, it's confusing like why would you eat at three o'clock and five o'clock? And it's like there's massive gaps down here. You can't even tell where three and five is. I just don't think either graph is detailed enough to be useful 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...


Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...


Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the compensation you are receiving for participating in this interview, considering the competition compensation you're receiving for participating in this interview. What percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access real time alerts again? Huh? That's kind of the whole point of a continuous glucose monitor. Um, and again, like I said, you eat it spikes and then it goes down. I mean, it, it's like running and getting a notification that your heart beats went up. Like of course you're gonna have a higher heartbeat when you're exercising than when you're resting. Um It's gonna be like, oh, you're breathing harder. Yeah, I just ran five miles. Thanks for the notification. Um Now, I mean, the problem is if your blood, like if your glucose is spiking just like randomly then yeah, but I mean if, if you, if you go eat a king size candy bar and your glucose spikes, I mean, what, what value is there in that? I mean, of course it spikes, you just ate a king size candy bar. 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
So I would say, yeah, if it's spiking by itself then clearly, right? Um You know, but it can also help you identify foods that because certain foods are gonna cause it to spike higher. I mean that would be really the only value I see in it. Um, is that it can help you to identify different foods that well. Um, yeah, exactly what this says, hey, Mike, we've identified the top five foods that are spiking your sugar. So that would be the only benefit, right? I mean, your blood sugar is gonna spike after you eat the, um, but if you identify what foods really spike your blood sugar, you can avoid them or have them in moderation, but just getting a notice that your blood sugar has gone up after eating is pretty stupid cause it's like the, um, but I mean this would be where it would be useful. Um, you know, like this, for example, let's say because they have pizza here, right? So let's say every time you eat pizza it notices that your blood sugar goes way up right now. They'll say you have steak. Oh, we have steak. It's fine. But you eat pizza and your blood sugar goes way up. Right? So, then you should eat less pizza. That would be the only thing that it's helpful. Um, you know, because, yeah, certain things. Yeah. So it's telling you to avoid bread. Good luck with that. Bananas don't eat bananas, watermelon don't drink. Yeah. Eat chocolate occasionally. But yeah, I mean telling me to avoid bread would be like telling me to avoid breathing. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
Well, yeah, that's the only thing I would use those alerts for is to kind of identify foods that cause it to spike more significantly than others. How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoints see that I think is useful knowing that your blood 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
sugar went out, went up after eating is pretty stupid. Um I kind of know some, some I don't really care. Um But there are certain things that, you know, 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
do raise it more than others. Um But the trick there is you have to document everything which becomes really annoying, right? Because you have to document what you ate, what your blood sugar was before what your blood sugar is after how long it takes to go back down. So like it becomes like super complicated. Um but it can be very useful, right? That's, you know, it's like if you get acid reflux, right, you would probably want to identify what foods are likely to give you acid reflux. Is it pizza? Is it spaghetti? Is it a cheeseburger? And then obviously you can either eat those foods in moderation or you can avoid them? Right. But, yeah, unfortunately there's 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
just, it's a lot of tracking to do. Right. Um, I mean, this question really doesn't make any sense. What percentage would you be willing to give up to access a feature that identifies food causing your glucose spikes? I mean, I think there is value in it. Like I said, um just like a person who might have bad acid reflux, right? You want to identify um those causes, right? And you may not stop eating it. I mean, like acid reflux pretty much I figured out anything can cause acid reflux. Uh But you know, if you know your triggers, I would say definitely avoid them close to bedtime, right? Cause I've, you know, most people that I know that really have issues with acid reflux is stuff at night, you know. Yeah, identifying foods that cause you issues across 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
the board is useful. Um Optimize your Snickers timing, wasn't I just talking about a Snickers? Are you guys stalking me or something? We notice you enjoy a stickers bar almost every day eating it before your walk to work leads to quicker sugar normalization than eating it afterwards. Well, I don't know when the heck you're going to work, but if you go to work when I go to work, that's pretty freaking ridiculous that you're eating a Snickers. You must have like an afternoon job or something. A big evening meal. I definitely do. Your sugar levels. Take longer to settle. Our data suggests that when you eat a smaller meal, a similar meal at lunch time, it will lead to quicker normalization. So it's just giving you some pointers. Um, because again, you're having to enter what you're eating and then it can follow your blood sugar. So it can make recommendations like that right? Where they're like, oh, we've noticed that if you eat this candy before you go on a walk, things trend better than when you eat it after. But yeah, just doing a little bit of exercise 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
has a huge impact. Like, um not particularly, I'm gonna say yes, I mean, I would put off eating if the level was like what I would consider to be high or maybe change what I was gonna eat. Um, but not explicitly 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
100%. But obviously this is useful, right? Because you, I forget what number it is that they tell you like if it's higher than a certain number, they tell you like you shouldn't eat. I don't remember what that number was though. I looked it up, I did some research at one point. Um But yeah, like if your blood glucose is up here, you shouldn't be eating, right? But if it's more normal, then it's like Oh, it's fine to eat. Right. Um, but yeah, so it's, it's definitely something to keep an eye on. I mean, I'm not, like, 100% sold on it, but it's possible that timing would help because so way back when I got effing, confused because I would take my readings and then I would go to bed and I would wake up and take another reading and I'm like, how the bleep is this reading higher? Like I just slept for eight hours. Right? And apparently that's very normal, right? But when you first start this whole thing, you think that basically your blood sugar is like 100% dependent on what you eat. So you're like, well, if I went to bed at 10 o'clock and I woke up at six, unless I was eating in my sleep, my blood sugar should continue to decline. But you take it and it's up again and you're like, what the just happened? Right? Like, how is my blood sugar going up when I'm sleeping if I haven't eaten anything? So, you know, I, there's, there's a lot of things that you have to be aware of. Right. Um, and of course, I found that that's completely normal, you know, that you'll have a higher, you know, reading in the morning than you did necessarily at night. But also just walking, like walking for 30 minutes. Like, you don't even have to be running down the road like Pitbull you know, you can just walk around for half an hour and, you know, it has a lot of good effects and I, 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
I think that's why I see so many old people up and walking around. Right. Just because even that little bit of movement, um, is very 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
impactful and I mean, obviously exercise can be impactful as long as you don't hurt yourself. Um, based on your data, we found that just 20 minutes of moderate exercise is your personal threshold for positively impacting your time and range. So there they're saying you need to have 20 minutes of moderate exercise. Um, so again, kinda like I was talking 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
about exercise is actually pretty important. Um, 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
you know, and I actually measured it because I took readings. I didn't do any exercise, took readings. Then another day I took readings, did exercise, took readings again. So I kind of plotted it out and I was like, wow, that's pretty impressive. Like, it's, it's not like a little tiny drop, like, oh, yeah, the reading drop like it who like, you know, big drop? Um, I don't know, let's see, some value but I wouldn't give 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
up money for it. Um, we've detected a recent strike in your blood sugar. Here are some suggested activities to normalize it. So again, I mean, where this becomes pointless is if you just ate and this is what I'm saying is stupid, right? Because every time you eat your blood sugar is gonna go up, right. So you eat and then they're like, oh, hey, we detected a spike in your blood sugar and you're like, no duh Sherlock, I just had dinner, right? So then you would get this every single day, every single day after lunch, every single day after dinner. Like, how annoying is that? Right? Um, so that's my issue with these notifications. Um, so I think you'd maybe need to have some sort of threshold, right? Um Because yeah, it's gonna go up every time you eat like, uh if I had a can of soda here or something, that would be a good example, but I don't like if you drink a can of soda, right? Obviously your blood sugar is gonna spike. However, if you eat some carrots and celery sticks, probably not gonna see a significant spike in your blood sugar. So, but either way I know that I either drank a soda or I ate some carrot stick like I don't need an app to tell me that, right? Um You know, and then also the other danger is when you get it day in and day in and day, like you just start ignoring that stupid thing, right? And then you get to the point where you block it because it's just constant freaking notifications. Um So I think there needs to be a threshold, right? Like, I don't know, it's just pick a number 100 points, right? Let's say that you were at 120 you ate and it went to 220 right? Then maybe, hey, we noticed a, you know, larger than normal spike, right? But like if it's 120 you eat and it goes to 140 then in two hours it's back at 110. I don't think we need a notification. Right. So, you 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
know, this is why I mark this one. Um, are you aware of how different intensities kind of? So when you start doing very intense activity, I believe your blood glucose actually goes up. But if you're doing like moderate exercise, like a little walk or a bike ride or something like that, I believe that's where it helps it go down. But when you start doing like strength training or something like that, I believe that your blood glucose will actually 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
elevate, but eventually it will normalize. Um, for me, it's more than an hour. Um, again, depending on the physical activity, I'll say 30 minutes to an hour. 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
Um, maybe, I mean, it could help you figure out how 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
soon or after physical activity you should eat a meal. I don't think I would pay them to do 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
that though, but really just the readability like that graph that we had was just not legible. I mean, it just did not make a lot of sense. I think it definitely needs to be more user friendly. But I think the biggest things that I would find value in is trigger foods, right? Um You know, like for some people they can eat spaghetti and meatballs and get horrible acid reflux. But then they eat spaghetti with meat sauce and their acid reflux is not as bad. Right? So, you know, different foods are gonna raise your, your glucose reading higher than others. Right? Um, let's say you had uh I don't know. Hm. Chicken breast and rice, right? Versus um deep dish pizza, right? One is gonna have a lot more carbs than the other, right? Carbs turn into sugar, right? Not just sugar but carbs. So, you know, knowing what trigger foods are and, and they're gonna affect different people different ways, right? So, you know, I just hope I don't have to start stabbing myself with Ozempic or whatever it is. Other 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
people in my family have to take. All right. What if you aim for seven hours of sleep tonight? You might notice a positive change in your glucose levels tomorrow. That's not, well, I sometimes have both problems, you know, just like last night I woke up at 4, 10 in the morning for absolutely no freaking reason. You know, obviously rolled over, went back to bed, but it's annoying. Um, other times I'll go to bed at midnight and not fall asleep till two. So, you know, but yeah, walking around is actually very like I said, just even 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
a walk can have actually significant impacts. Um I do sometimes track sleep. Um, I used to have a little Fitbit watch that did a really good job on that. And the freaking, uh, battery, uh, pooped out. I might need to get another 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
one but I have other things to worry about. Just answer 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
that question. Um, I, this is a, I need like a maybe thing. I mean, I know that if you're not getting a good night's sleep, it can actually affect it, But I don't know specifically how it affects me because like I said, um, some nights I can go to bed at midnight and sleep till eight in the morning perfectly fine. Other nights I'll fall asleep. But then I wake up at four o'clock for who knows why. And then I go back to sleep. Right. Other times you lay in bed for two hours before you finally fall asleep. So I know that sleep has some effect. I don't know explicitly what it is like, I've never, never documented it to the point and then compared like the glucose levels to actually, um, look for a pattern, you know, but I, I know that it 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
theoretically has some effect because I know your glucose actually increases while you're sleeping. Uh, like I said, I don't know, I don't really do it. Um, 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
I could find out it's more important than I think it is, but I think most weight's on diet and exercise and like what you eat. Um, but obviously sleep is important, um, reducing stress is important. 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Those are like the main things. Uh, I guess I know this test is really long. I mean, I'd be curious, you know, like, if I feel like I got a junkie night's sleep, what does my blood glucose look like? Versus, hey, I feel like I got a great night's sleep last night. What does it look like? Um, you know, unfortunately, it's not just some simple thing. right? Like you can control, not staying up late watching movies, but you can't necessarily control ham in bed with the lights out and I just can't freaking fall asleep because if I could control it, I would and I would fall asleep. Um You know, so that's one thing I don't really have much control over like if I fall asleep at midnight and wake up at 4 a.m. for no reason. What control do I have of that? Right? So, and that's probably why I don't track it that much because I don't really feel like I have control over it and I don't wanna take like Melatonin or something cause then I'm afraid like you're either gonna become dependent on it or you're gonna get too much sleep and sleep through your alarm, you know. Um But it does change. I mean sometimes for weeks on end, I sleep like a puppy and then all of a sudden one night I get woken up three times in the night for no reason. Uh, other times I can't fall asleep, you know, for hours and I don't know, maybe it's my brain but, you know, I just don't feel like I have a lot of control over that anyway. 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
So even if I could track it, I don't know what I could change. Oh, check out these different styles of alerts for elevated glucose levels. Um, do you really need a tone? Well, if you say immediate action is required, that's kind of like you should go to a hospital. I mean, you know, um I think it needs to be a little bit more casual because like that's kind of what the point of it is, right? It's like, hey, you know, your glucose is trending up, let's do a little workout to kind of help manage things, right? Because like I said that I did notice I did that intentionally. Like I would actually like, I would eat and then I would sit around and I would look at it and I would eat and then I would go out and walk around and I would look at it and like I just trying to figure out like just even doing something as simple as walking around a couple miles, right? Or for 30 minutes or 45 minutes, right? Um Because I wanted to see how that would affect it. Um So I think that's the thing, right? Um Even the other one friendly tone heads up, your glucose is a bit high, let's get it down. That's fine. Um, but something that says your glucose is high, immediate action required. That kind of sounds like a, you know, like a medical emergency, you know, I'd probably be driving myself to the hospital on that one, which would be completely unnecessary.

