Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
Welcome to the session presented with a series of screenings. Health management. OK, 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
what do you see in the channel? In the graph. What do you think? The different colours marker. OK, so it's blood sugar level at different times of the day and it shows when the meals are and then the blood sugar goes up. OK, Next, uh, also shows physical activity on the chart. 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
Mhm. 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
The 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...


Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
what actions would you like to take if alerted about a glucose spike? Um, try not to have anything too sugary until it's gone down. Usually, uh, can do an injection to neutralise it. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
Would I find that you would have a real time alert? Uh, yes. So 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
So which design of the described feature do you find most effective for your needs? I think design a Because it has more information on it. Um, that's far more useful to me. Uh, design a design, B looks a bit too simple and basic next. 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...


Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
Ok, 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Ok, um, I don't really want to give up the conversation because it's not that much. You're in the first place to give up. If it was more than proportionally, I would give some. Yes, that would be interesting. 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
Describe what you see on screen focusing on the list. What do you think is the purpose of identifying the top foods that affect your glucose level? OK, so it's a app on the phone. It looks nice and simple to read. Um, it's about the meals of the day being balanced or if it's high carbohydrates. Uh, what do you think? The purpose of identifying the top foods affect your glucose levels? Uh, well, it's obviously good to identify which foods do affect your glucose up and down. Um, and it's telling you which ones to avoid, uh, because they have, like, fructose and high glutose in it. Um, do I see myself utilising the feature to modify your diet? Yeah, it looks useful and interesting. I would definitely give it a go. Uh, looks like it might help. Um, And how important is this? Information for health management are very important for diabetes. Next, 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...


Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...


Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
what additional information would you like this feature to provide? Uh, it looked good. It had, like, tips and suggestions. Um, additional information. Um, just further tips and, uh, things to avoid and alternative suggestions. Next. 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Um, OK, well, that does sound very interesting, so I'll give up some of it next 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
time. Mhm. OK, so it's notifications. Uh, what's been conveyed? Um OK, it looks useful. Um, it's like identifying trends in food habits. Um, and suggesting that I have the high sugary snack before the walk and exercise to help neutralise it. Um, yeah, I think that could be helpful. It's sometimes good to have the reminder. Um, not that I forget, but, uh, just have a prompt sometimes to assist is helpful. Uh, how would I write the usefulness? Uh, yeah, it's very useful. Um, it's because it's giving, like a an a an actual suggestion. Like you can have a snack, the sugary snack. Oh, but if you have it for a walk and that will help And the second one is, um, it's about having a big evening meal, uh, suggesting that I have a similar larger meal at lunch time. So you had more time to for the body to, uh, normalise it. OK, Next, 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...


Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...


Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...


Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
please describe the alert on screen and what it suggests. So based on the data, we found that just 20 minutes of moderate exercise, um, compulsively impact time and range and reducing glucose spikes. Exci and glass may not have the same benefits. OK, so it's just a helpful notification prompts, uh, letting me know that if I'm gonna do a walk well, I need to make it at least 20 minutes to count, because anything less is not as he as beneficial. Um, tomorrow. Yeah, I think that's, um, a useful tip for a daily routine. Try and get out for a 20 minute walk. Plus at lunch time, Um, helps to manage blood glucose and diabetes. Next. 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...


Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...


Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
What do you see in this notification? OK, so it's like an activity guide. Um, 30 minutes jogging, brisk walk for 40 minutes. Yoga. 45 minutes. So it's like giving me some active, uh, suggestions. Um, to help normalise. Yeah, I think that would be good to have, like, personalised activity guide. OK, Could be valuable. Um, would I be likely to follow it? Uh, maybe not every day, but having the the prompt is more likely to get me to do something. Um, for not having the prompt. Next, 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
are you aware of how different intensities of physical education affect your blood glucose? Yes. 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
30 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
minutes to an hour. 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...


Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
what additional functionalities would make this more useful? Uh, it looked really useful having the personalised tips. Yeah, just more personalised activity suggestions and the duration. Uh, it looked really helpful. Useful? Kind of like an icon for each one to illustrate it. Maybe next. 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
Ok, sleep. Yeah, really important for purpose. Um, yeah. So it's suggesting that sitting down too long and sleeping less will affect my energy levels. So suggesting, um, 20 minute walk to the market and saying that it could turn my day around? Yeah. Suggesting that I get seven hours of sleep and it will be a positive change to glucose levels tomorrow. Yeah, I think that's really important. Uh, very valuable sleep gives loss of, uh, benefits, Especially with the blood blood, uh, glucose levels next. Oh, I think so. The character features of it. Yeah. I like the key icon. It's quite quite fun. Uh, Alan, the character looks good. Next 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
often track sleep 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
really helps 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...


Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...


Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
What additional functionalities or insights would make this feature useful to you. Um, maybe if it followed up the next day and said, Oh, how many hours sleep did you get? Uh, and do you feel like you have more or less energy today to correlate, uh, like a child, that would be really useful. Next 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...


Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
friendly time. 

End words:
Cool.