Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...


Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
I I've seen a graph and I'm saying that the green colour is for normal. When my sugar levels are normal, the yellow is when it's low and the red is when the sugar levels are high. That is how I can interpret the graph in managing my diabetes. 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
So So my knowledge was primary impacts, my blood and glucose levels. OK, the timing has it had high impacts. Stress has a high impact. The type of food has extremely high impact. And it, uh yeah, they all have high impacts. There is no low impact in this section. 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
So I know what, uh, specific nutrients impact my blood sugar car car of any type have high impact sugar has a high impact protein has an impact because it regularises it fats as a medium mere fs in my blood sugar levels. 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
How often do you experience glucose spikes after a meal? Um, sometimes, sometimes depending on what I eat. Sometimes I after a few hours after every meal, I need to check to see what certain food spikes of my my meal it can detail. 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
What actions would you like to take if I let it all to you? uh, glucose Spike, I need to I need to exercise. If I have a glucose back, 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
I need to exercise. What do you find it to have good time for glucose spikes after eating. I'll find it very soon in real time for glucose bikes after his. Yes, of course. To help me. 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
Um, which design Which design of this computer do you find most effective for your needs is an A OB. Uh, design B looks very much simpler than design A. I will go for design. B design. B looks much simpler than design A 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
which what factors would encourage you to regularly use any of the features you just saw ease or use personal insights proving effectiveness. You from it? Yeah. This is recommended by a health provider. I will use it then. If it is integrated with other types, I will use it. If it is proving effective, I will use it. If it's easy to use, I will use it. Of course. Personalised insights. If it's personalised to me, I will use it. I will use it. 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
What factors will discourage you from using any of the features you just saw? It is not easy to use or I don't understand it or it's very difficult to use. I would consider not using it because I would. I would dread it any time I want to use it. If it's not effective or that is efficacy, I will not use it. Yeah, I think these two stand out more than any of the other, 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the complicate compensation you are receiving and possibilities. And what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to assess real time alerts for Google Spikes for one year? I will not give up any part of the conversation. I was. Yeah, good. I was I was. I see some value in it. I'll give 1 to 5% I. I see some value in it. 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
Please describe what you see on the screen focusing on the list provided and its implications. OK? And what do you think is the purpose of identifying the top foods that affect your gluco servers? Do you see your services in the future to notify your diet? And how important is this information in your health, man? OK, what I see. I see an app OK for breakfast. You saying it is balanced. That means whatever the person ate for breakfast is something that is good for is good because the good for snacks is high in carb, high in carbohydrates is high and for lunch is balanced. So I guess what the person ate for breakfast and lunch is very good for the person. So he's teaching the foods to avoid bread, banana water on crocket and cocktails. Oh, then hi, Mike. We identify five foods that are spiking of sugar. Hi, Mike. We wanna go up the top five foods causing your sugar spike that to see inside. OK, what do you think of exactly? Yes, yes, yes, yes. The P is very good. He's able to identify specifically the foods that Mike S. So I think it's a good, uh, innovation. And I see myself utilising this future to much for my diet. Just it's something that's accessible to me. I see myself using it. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
How do the value of a future that pin points food leading to very valuable? I value any future that could actually pinpoint what I ate. That is crazy mad. 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
Do you call it track foods that cause Yes, I do. I do attract foods that cause my, um, glucose spikes. Yes, I do. If not 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
what additional information would you like this feature to provide? Um, the foods are what normally spikes glucose. So basically, he's doing a good work of I infa already and, you know, warning. You know, when you are be low in, um, blood glucose levels, sugar glucose levels or something, or when you are para or not. I don't think for now there's any additional feature I will provide 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
again. I will give out 1 to 5%. I see some value in it, as you know, constructing the compensation and what percentage of the amount are willing to give up to assess the future. That and the first food causing glucose spikes. Yes, I would see I will give up 1 to 5% I see of it. 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
What information is conveyed in these notifications by mail times. I love this. It's it's and it is it, uh, like the idea of, you know, suggesting that if you have to have a sneaker, have it. And before you walk, not after you walk. That is a very valuable insight. It is something you Can you you do something you love doing and, you know, giving you solution not to spike up your sugar. Yeah, So I will rate the uses of this inside as a good one. And our rate is high. And it doesn't encourage, uh, Mike to adjust the timing of his meals or his snacks that his unhealthy snacks 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
Do you consider the timing of your meals in nutrition? Yes, it's very important. The time you eat your meals, when and what you eat and how it's very important in glucose levels. 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
How valuable would a future be? That suggests optimal times for consuming certain foods to mind. It is very, very valuable. And he suggests times us to eat your meal. That will not spike you. That is healthier for you. Yes, but sometimes you do. I do. I do tend to skip meals or forget to eat or overeat or not eat healthy. So yeah, it's very valuable. 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
And you see, was I will you be willing to give up to assess if you provide a suggest standard time for again? 1 to 5%. I see somebody in it, Yes. Reminder to eat. Remember when not to eat. Reminder how to eat, you might know what to eat. I see somebody in it in obtaining the optimal health and, you know, maintaining glucose levels. Yes. 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
OK, I was here to describe the alert on this screen and what you suggest about physical activity based on the because I found that 20 minutes of moderate exercise is your personal is a personal personal pressure for positive impacting your time in which are you exercising less than that may not offer the same benefits. OK, just, um, what the app is saying here is that he's suggesting that Mike should continuously have a 20 minutes moderate exercise every day that will help him in his glucose levels. Anything lower than that will not actually helping in meeting his, uh, needs. So it's like a personalised, you know, uh, activity based on his history on the app. So it's what he's actually suggesting. Uh, my yeah, is it every day? It's not just visit so as to stop or reduce high spikes in glucose. How likely you this with your routine. How beneficial do you think it is? It is very beneficial. And I wanted to tell you about, um, controlling your diabetes is to exercise, and that is one thing that is one of the most difficult things to do. So if you have that tells you or explains, you can eat 20 minutes of this every day, I would definitely love it or choose the same day. You know it will help a long way. 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
How value would you feature with the feature that provides insights on the minimal level that is necessary, but it is very valuable. This feature is very valuable indeed. 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Considering the composition you received for prospecting in the what percentage would you give up to the future? OK, I'll still give up 5%. Obviously, it seems I'm going to be giving up a a percentage of whatever thing I'm doing, so I'll be giving it up little value. So 5% I see of value it in and reminding you that you need to do your 20 minutes of moderate exercise. Yeah. Oh, serious exercise. Yes. 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
Oh my God! So it detects the spike in the blood sugar and it tells you. OK, go and jog for 30 minutes, too. As to control right now I will do it is valuable. It's insightful, is giving you a solution to that particular problem? Yes, it's very valuable. I'll do it. And it's very valuable since Yes, uh, it's very, very valuable it But, uh, you backed up right now, you know, Let's get to it. This J joke for 30 minutes. Yeah, I'll do it. 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
Are aware OO of how different intensities of physical activity affected? Yes. I'm moderately aware. I'm aware that size or modest exercise or no exercise affects blood sugar. Yes, I'm aware, 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
after physical activity, how long does it take to take for your blood sugars to normalise? I seriously don't know. I know it does normalise, but I don't know. I said you don't know that's 30 minutes or why you're doing the exercise or one hour later. The grocery is good to know after exercise. No, I don't know. Yeah, 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
How you How you soon will the future be that estimate? The time you get to normalise? Uh, yeah, it will be very valuable to me to actually want to know. OK, after this exercise, is it is it 10 minutes? Do I need to rest or do I need to go to sleep immediately or it's it's It's, um it's very easy to go to the next. You know what to expect. Yes, it's very valuable. 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Consider the compensation. I will give it again. 5% of of whatever composition. I'll give you 5% and to normalise the after physical activities I'll give you the 5% 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
sign is good. So now I can't think of any additional functions that will make this future more. It will. It's popping on itself. It's neck on itself. 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
Oh, my God, This is one of my best activities. But here, it's very difficult to get some sleep, you know, sleep. You get sluggish. You don't know what is happening. You know, like you are sleeping now. I had to get her to do this test. Um, I want to What purpose do you think the message serves in terms of sleeping? Yes. It identifies what you need as that real time and sleeping. Yeah, it's just sleep and sleep is not a solution. You have to adjust yourself or swap yourself to, you know, on sleep mode to be able to get achieve what you want. Yes, it's a very, uh, it is a very valuable, you know, best app for you to go to sleep. 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
Uh, I always drop my sleep. I always drop how long I sleep how I feel when I wake up How long how deep I sleep, the quality of sleep I have And this is the one I don't have You know, I wish that that it's very important. It's it's it It goes a long way. 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
I track my sleep often and not really have. Really. But I do track my sleep. I don't know how many hours I've slept in a day or throughout the week. Yes. I also track my sleep and quality of sleep. 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
Yes, I am aware that sleep patterns affect glucose levels. Quality sleep. Uh, optimal sleep is very essential in, you know, tracking down in if in managing effective glucose levels in the body. Yes, I'm aware 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
tracking sleep is very essential to managing glucose levels is very, very important. Yes. If everything you do, you cannot give your body a great rest. It it's it's it's it's not really You are not really making heavy. You need to rest. You need to sleep. You need to distress. You need to understand your body. Your body needs to rest. Yes, 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
Well, not any additional functionality is on his side will make this feature more useful to you. Um, yeah. Sleep is quite difficult to achieve. At least agnostic, as it is with the app, have apps in the app that will help Go to sleep. OK, it asks you to You need sleep is maybe, uh maybe like the calm button or music or or noises that will smooth uh, suits you to sleep because when you say you need sleep and you cannot achieve that and you cannot give you solution, you have to work on OK, they have to say, go and sleep. And and you have to press a button that says, OK, listen to this music. It could allow you to sleep. I would suggest you work on that. Yeah, or listen to sheep Or maybe one or two activities in the app that would help people. Yeah, it will go along with make it more beneficial and more effective. 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
I'll give it another 5% to gain access to the future that tracks and co deep steep quality. Yes. I'll give it another 5% because I see some value in it. 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
OK, he's saying that, uh, format to Because this high I love the format to glucose is high, man, any action required? I love the format too. Uh, a lot. And you better Because the please address. I love the format. One So much I. I think I'm a form person. Give it to me, Heart. Your glucose is high. You need action required. That is what I want. This is the This is what this one strikes the right code on me.

