Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
Welcome to our user feedback session. We've had a series of screens related to health management. Please read screen carefully and answer the following questions to help us understand your preferences and needs. 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
What do you see in this graph? And what do you think? The different colours? Um, the the different colours and markers represent How do you interpret the function of this graph in the contents of managing, um, diabetes. So what we can see here is, um, the, uh, different, um, activities. So, um, physical activity and, uh, meals. And, um, what is doing, uh, in relation to your blood sugar, Um, levels. So, um, so with the green dots indicate the normal blood sugar levels between four. And six. Um, and then, uh, so that's between, um, uh, looks like between, um the hours of, uh, midnight and, um 2 a.m. Um, so your, uh, blood sugar is, uh, going from normal to, uh, low. And then, uh, from two till four. Um, due to having a meal. So this was the meals? Um, between, um, it looks like just after two, between so three and five. Um, the blood sugar levels have gone high So between 10 and 11. Um um, because of the meal, and then they gradually come down to low again. So you got the the normal range between four and six. Uh, however, um, this has gone from, like, uh, due to, uh, the physical activity is gone, uh, kept at a regular, uh uh, level and then gone low, then up due to because of the meal and then low again and then up again. So, yeah, so the different colours and markers, so different colours. You got your normal range. You've got your low, and you got your high ranges. Got the green, uh, sections here for the physical activity blue sections here for the meals. So yeah. So, in terms of managing Di, uh, your diabetes, you can see you need to try and stay within the 4 to 6 range throughout the day as much as possible. Um, so your meals are, um, contributing to your high, um, diabetes. So you need to try and, uh, manage the meals that you're eating in order to keep that down into the normal range. And also, when it's low, you need to, um, manage it again. When it drops down, um, to, uh, low as well. You need to raise it to get to the normal range. Uh, again. 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
Yes. Just one moment. Why is that? That that and they'll try more, so OK, so to your knowledge, what primary? I, um what primarily impacts your, uh, blood glucose levels If you know what primarily impacts your, um, blood glucose levels. Um, physical activity, high impact timing of meals, medium types of food, high impact stress, high impact. 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
You know what specific nutrients impact your blood glucose levels, The most carbohydrates? Any why fats, higher protein to medium. 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
How often do you experience glucose spikes after meals? Four. 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
What actions would you likely take if alerted about a, um, glucose? Um, Spike? Yeah. So, um, I if I'm alerted about a, um, glucose spike, um, Then I will go ahead and, um, do some, uh, physical activity. Um, stop eating or stop eating. What? I, um, was eating, um, try and counter that, um, do some exercise. Um, and, um, try and eat fruits and vegetables, uh, things that would, um, uh, assist in, uh, bringing the glucose levels down, Um, as well as, uh, carrying out some exercise. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
Would you find it useful to have real time alerts for glucose spikes after eating? Yeah, Very useful. 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
Ok, which design of the described feature do you find most effective for your needs? OK, so you've got the alerts there, uh, low, normal. And you got your, um, normal range meals, physical activity. So I think, um, the the look of the, um, uh, design A definitely because you're getting more information. And, um, it's definitely more involving the design. A, um you're able to interpret more of the information there and get the most out of, um, the alerts, the the graphical representation, Um, of the, uh of the, uh, diabetes. The blood sugar levels is, uh, the better represented, the better represented on the design a, um, with the vertical and horizontal axis And, um, the, uh the the line graph and the, um the separation with the sections in relation to physical activity, the meals and what they are doing, uh, in order to, uh, and how they are impacting your, um, blood sugar levels. Um, so the the more information there, I personally prefer that 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
what factors would encourage you to regularly use any of the features you just saw. Um, personalised insights, integration and ease of use. 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
What factors would discourage you from using any of the features? Just so complex? A difficulty of use? Yeah. Lack of personal insights going to push, 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the compensation you're receiving for participating in this into what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access real time alerts for glucose spikes for one year, You see, for participating in this, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up? 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
OK, so please describe what you see on this screen focusing on the list provided, and it's implications. What do you think is the purpose of identifying that top foods that affect your glucose level? Do you see utilising feature to modify your diet? And how important is this information for you? This is what you see on the screen focusing on the list provided and its implications. OK, so what we have here on, um, the left is, uh, some alerts, some notifications, So top five offenders spotted. So Hey, we identified the top five foods that are spiking your sugar, so it's a direct, personalised alert there. Uh, where a food has been identified as spiking your sugar tap to where the list and get personalised advice. Let's turn this data into action. So this is definitely good for motivation is a personalised, uh, recommendation in relation to a, uh, spiking of the sugar. And we need to take action. We can take action by clicking on this and getting your personalised advice and then, uh, another similar type as usual stress. We say, like we've rounded up the top five foods causing your sugar spikes. Let's use these insights to fine tune your diet. So again, very good. Helpful advice being provided here. Personalised advice here and assistance. Um, yeah, with, um, uh, fine tuning your diet there on the left hand side, and then you've got a list here. Uh, with today's activities, you can add meals here, Uh, today's nutrition, Uh, and the the green section. You can see you've got the yellow section, which is low, and the red section, which is high, and the green is the balanced diet. So that's what you need to try and achieve here. Uh, breakfast? They're saying us, uh, was balanced. Your snack at 10 was, uh involved high carb. And, uh, again, your lunch was balanced. So top five foods to avoid again personalised bread, bananas, watermelon, chocolate and cocktails. So, uh, great recommendations there. And they are directly gonna assist you, um, in, uh, controlling your, uh, blood sugar levels. Um, by focusing on your day to day meals and, uh, giving you recommendations and, um, giving you the outcomes and results for each meal that you have during the day. Reason this purpose of doing for the top foods that fit your glucose level. Yeah. So again, it's, um it's providing assistance. It's giving you directly an immediate, um, results in relation to, um what what you're eating and whether it's beneficial or whether it's harmful to your, um, blood sugar levels. So it gives you good encouragement and motivation to stay focused throughout the day. So you so you you to modify your diet and hopefully this information for you. Yeah, most definitely. You know, these alerts and, uh, these notifications and the the lists provided here is definitely something that I would personally use. And throughout the day, receiving the notifications would keep me keep me focused on, uh, keeping my blood sugar levels to the required levels to the normal levels. So yeah, definitely. I can 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
see myself using this. How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoints foods leading to a significant 30 months? 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
You can only track foods that cause 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
yes. What additional information would you like this feature to provide just the ability to immediately, um uh, give you insights. Give immediately give you notifications, um, in relation to what you're eating and, um, give you guidance and tips and, um, nudging you to take action. Immediate action. That's something that would be, um, 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
uh, good to see. Is there that you're receiving for this participant in this century? What percent of this amount would you be willing to give up to access a feature that identifies foods causing your glucose spikes for one year? 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
Even though your sugar levels take longer to settle a system when you eat, a similar meal at lunchtime will lead to quicker normalisation. We notice you enjoy a Snickers bar almost every day eating it before your walk to work leads to quicker sugar normalisation, then eating it afterwards. OK, What has been conveyed in so again, these notifications are giving you timely and on the spot. Um, notification, uh, assistance. Help guidance in relation to meals that you're having throughout the day, Uh, even on the way. And you know that it's giving you guidance as to if you are going to have something, Uh, and you have something on a regular basis, What would be the best time to have that, uh, that snack that food in order to quickly normalise your your sugar levels? So that's that's priceless. That's really good information to have. So you can, you know, if if it's something that you enjoy and, uh, and want to continue having on a daily basis, what is the best way to manage that? Uh, that item. This could impact your meal planning? Yes. So, like I said, it's gonna assist with your meal planning. It'll it'll. It'll give you guidance as to when to have that particular meal when to have that particular snack in order to assist with your, uh, quickly. Um, uh, be able to, uh, normalise your sugar levels, so definitely, uh, would be a great feature. How would you rate the usefulness of receiving insights on meal time? Would you adjust your eating habits based on most definitely would adjust my eating habits. Um, I would highly, highly recommend and, um, would see something like this as extremely beneficial. Um, you know, throughout the day having hints and tips in relation to what would be the best times, uh, to eat such meals, Snacks, That would be, 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
uh, very helpful. The time of news in relation to your G levels. Yes. 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
How valuable would a feature be? That suggests optimal times for consuming certain foods. OK, 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
because obviously you're receiving what percent of this amount would you be willing to give up to access a few suggestions for optimum meal time. 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
OK, please run alert on this screen and what it suggests about physical activity. So again, we got alerted Mike's personal activity. First, we found that just 20 minutes of moderate exercise is your personal threshold for positively impacting your time in your time in range and reducing glucose. Exercising less than that may not offer the same benefits. Stop here to learn more about your unique activity first. So this is a personalised and unique um, activity, uh, managing, uh, notification, um, giving you guidance in relation to how much? Um, activity you should do to see an impact in your glucose spikes to see a difference in your glucose spikes. So it's making a recommendation for you that, um, doing this amount of exercise for this many minutes. Um, what impact that is going to have is likely to have on your glucose spikes. So, um, again, a great you know, all these these tools will be will work together in assisting you into managing your, uh, glucose and managing the spikes. So, um so, yeah. Uh, so what do you understand about the future? So yeah. So it's It's, uh it's again. It's a personalised, um, recommendation in relation to, uh, uh, another tool in the arsenal of trying to manage your glucose levels. Manage the spikes. So, um yeah. Great. Uh, great. Uh, notification. And definitely welcome. How likely to use this feature and how beneficial. Yeah. Likely to use it most definitely all the time. Uh, it's just, you know, So you go throughout the day, and you you may, um, feel down and not motivated by seeing something like this would encourage me would give me the motivation to, um, you know, see, this through. Do what is required in order to, um, you know, see the results. See the end goal of managing 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
the, uh, glucose levels. I would fish them. It's very valuable. 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
This is a conversation we need to act. Informs you about the minimum levels of physical activity. 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
What do you see in this notification? What specific activities have been recommended? So again, we got a recommended, uh, a notification and Mike's personalised activity Got a recent spike in your blood sugar. Here are some suggested activities, uh, tailored just for you. So jogging 30 minutes brisk walking for 40 minutes, yoga for 45 minutes. So these are suggested activities that you can take part in the activity and how long they are. They suggest that you, uh, carry out this act selection activity and balance your sugar levels. So again, personalised recommendation about, you know, they've detected that your blood sugar levels have risen, and they've made the recommendations suggestions for you as to what you can do and for how long. How will you personalise activity? Yeah, so extremely valuable, you know, information. Uh, like this. Um you know, uh, you've got the added incentive motivation to do it because this has been recommended personally for you. You know, your sugar levels have spiked recently. And, um, you know, you're you're given options as well. You know, pick one of these. Do it for this amount of time, and this is likely to assist help in bringing your sugar levels down to a balanced level, So Yeah, definitely. Um, valuable. 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
And you definitely would, uh, follow the, uh, you know the guidance in selecting one of those activities? How different intensities of physical activity. Because, yes, 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
I How long does it usually take for your glucose levels to normalise? 30 minutes. 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
How so? Will the future be that estimates the time needed to normalise 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
some sense. You In what sense of the smile would you be willing to give to us if you that estimates the time you talking 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
audition functions would make this feature more useful for you? Yes. So, just giving you, um, lots of recommendations, lots of options. Lots of flexibility. Um, and, uh, you know, providing you with, uh, an estimate of how long it's likely to take a specific activity. How long it's likely to take to bring your sugar levels back down to a normal level. So, um, you know, a combination of right doing this activity for this much of the amount of time is likely to impact. And, um, you know, uh, normalise your sugar levels within this time frame. It's gonna take this length of time. So activity time, uh, for how long? And, um, how what impact? How quick the impact is likely to be on your, um, normalising your sugar levels. That would be 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
nice. Describe the message displayed. Well, this one character featured in it. Yeah. So, um, you've got a, uh, high eileen fee, Uh, feeling a bit sluggish. It might be due to less sleep and and sitting too much. What if you swap your desk chair for a 20 minute walk to green market? A healthier lunch could turn your day round, and you've got no highline. What if you aim for seven hours of sleep tonight, you might not supposed to change in your glucose level of smoke. So suggestions in terms of how much sleep, uh, you should, uh, try and achieve. And, uh, we are possibly likely to see a positive change. So giving you a recommendation and giving you the, uh, the reward. The, um the the the change that you're likely to achieve to see so giving you, um, you know, one hand recommending and giving you the motivation and requirements, Uh, for for this. So, um, that's that's good to see. Um, So, yeah. So you got the heart. Uh um you got a heart character there. Um and, um, you got a symbol of the this the sleeping symbol there. So, um, so, for example, so going for a walk, the You know, the suggestion is made going for a 20 minute walk rather than sitting, you know, sitting down, Um uh, for long periods of time at your desk. Um, and a healthier lunch could turn your day around. Um, so just again, just recommendations. Um, you know, in terms of getting your good enough good sleep and also take going for a walk. So Yeah. So S, uh, sleep management is just, uh, assisting you with, like, giving you recommendation. Try and get this much sleep, and you're likely to see a a great impact on your blood sugar levels. How are you different? Personal recommendation? Yeah, definitely. Valuable. Uh, you know, sleep is one of the most important things that we need to focus on, and we don't so definitely 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
a good recommendation. How often do you track your sleep duration quality? Um, really? 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
How do you track your sleep? Duration and quality. Really? 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect your glucose levels? Yes. 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
I put his sleep tracking R to managing glucose. Very important. 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
What additional functional insights would make this feature more useful to you. Yes, just, uh, highlighting, you know, visually and by descript by a description as to what impact it's like to have how much sleep, Uh, you know, having how much sleep good quality sleep is likely to impact your day and, you know, day to day function. So making it personalised to, you know, if you sleep for this amount of time, it's likely to, um you know, uh, ensure your your your body, your mind, and your alertness is at optimum. Um, you know, for sleeping for this much of time, and you'll likely see immediate results. Um, in in your, uh, functionality your awareness your, um your your ability to, um, stay focused throughout the day, So you're likely to see immediate impact, so 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
that would be good. They do We go to get full feature that access, care, sleep, duration, quality. 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
Just not with just not with your glucose. Check out these different styles of alerts for value gluc. Which one strikes the right chord with you for? Because it was high casual time? Yeah, I think the, uh, friendly 

End words:
tone. Thank you.