Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
All right. I'm ready to think out loud. Welcome to your feedback session. You will be presented with a series of screens related to how please review each screen carefully and answer the following questions to help understand your preferences and needs next. 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
OK. What do you see in this graph? And what do you think the different colors and markers represent? Um Let's see. Let me scroll down here. OK. So I think, all right, I see physical activities, meals and then low normal and high. Um So that's what I think it is. How do you interpret the function of this graph in context of managing diabetes um to make sure that you're having enough physical activity and eating the correct meals 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
next? Ok. To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blood glu glucose level, physical activities? Yes. Has high impact timing of meals, high impact types of food. Yes, all of it. I would say it all has high impact. Definitely. OK. So next 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
to your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact your blood glucose, glucose levels, the most carbohydrates. Any definitely high high impact carbohydrates sugar? Yes, high impact proteins, high impact and fats, high impact all of them have high impact on your glucose levels. Of course. Next. 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
Ok. How often do you experience glucose spikes after meals? I would say sometimes um I try to keep my uh intake proper. 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
Next. What actions would you likely take if alerted about a glucose spike? Um I would probably drink water or um yeah, I would probably drink some water. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
Would you find it useful to have real time alerts with glucose? Like after eating? Yes, very useful. Um This way I um would have a warning and I would know um if it was happening because every once in a blue moon, I do cheat. So it would be very useful. 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
OK. And which signs of the described feature do you find most effective for your needs? OK. Um Expand image. All right. Let's see what we got here. Oh, definitely. Um The first one I don't even have to uh swapping your dinner pasta with zucchini noodles dropping your evening. Be big BG by 15. Yeah, definitely. The first one I just like the n how it has the numbers on the side and it just, I don't know, it's easier to read. That's why. So I would say a for sure, it's just easier to read for me. 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
What factors would encourage you to regularly use any of the features you just saw ease of use. Yes, of course. Personal inside insights. Yes, proven effectiveness. Yes. Recommendation from health care. Yes. Integration with other health apps, devices. Yes. All of them. Um I think they would all encourage me to um use it regularly because it would all work for me. 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
What factors would discourage you from using any of the features you just saw complexity or difficult to use? Yes, because if something's hard, I don't want to use it. Lack of personalized insights. Yes, because if it doesn't have anything to do with me, then it's pointless doubts of effectiveness. Yes, because if uh not really no, no recommendation, no poor integration with other apps. No. So I would say those two only 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering your composition, you are compensation. You are receiving the participation in this interview. What percentages of this amount would you be willing to go to ac access real time alerts for glucose spikes for one year? I don't wanna give up any of my uh compensation. Sorry. Next, 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
please describe what you see on the screen focusing on the list provided and its implications. OK, Xan. All right. So top five defenders spotted. Hey Mike, we've identified the top five food sets. Oh, that's cool. It's very um personable. I like that. Tap the un unveil and list to get personal advice. Let's turn the data into action for better health. I think that's awesome. Um So it shows like what you've eaten today and if it's balanced high carb balanced, I like that. It's very handy. The usual suspects. I like that. We've rounded up the top five foods causing you sugar spikes, spikes. Let's use this insight to fine tune your diet. I like that. It's comical and personable all. At the same time. I would definitely use that. What do you think the purpose of identifying? Um So definitely um so that your levels are right. Yes, and I, I do um I would use, utilize this feature for sure. It would be important, not too important, but it would be important. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
How do you rate the value of this feature? Pinpoint that pinpoints foods they need to? I think it's very valuable because then it would help me know what not to eat. 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
Do you currently try foods? Yes, I do to make sure that my 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
glucose doesn't spike. What additional information would you like this feature to provide? I think it has everything that it should have. Um I don't think there's anything missing 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the compensation you're receiving. What percentage would you be willing to give up to future? None. I don't want to give up any of my compensation. 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
Sorry. What information? Oh um conveyed in this notification about meal timings. Ok. Bam. Um Optimize your Snickers timing. We noticed you enjoy Snickers but almost every day eating it before you walk to work leads to quick sugar normalization then eating it afterward. I like that because it gives you when it's better to eat it. And yeah, then I wouldn't feel so bad. So I would definitely like that. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
Do you consider the timing of your meals in relation to? Yes, I do. 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
How valuable would this feature be? I think it would be very valuable because then I know when to eat it and when not to 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
everybody likes to cheat. Um on the food, I wouldn't give up any of my compensation though. No, 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
please describe the alert on the screen and what it suggests about physical activity. I think that's so cute. Uh Mike's personal activity threshold based on your data, we found just 20 minutes of moderate exercise is a personal threshold for positively impacting your time in range and reducing glucose spikes. I think that's awesome. I like it. How it's comical and personable. What do you understand about this feature? I know it tells you how much exercise you should get and I do think it is beneficial. Yes, 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
I think it's very valuable because um it tells you how much exercise you need. 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
I still wouldn't give up any of my compensation. 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
Ok. What do you see in this notification and specific activities are being recommended to manage? Ok, let's see. I like this because then it gives you um suggestions. So, yeah, I think that's pretty cool. Sometimes I get bored and I can't or I can't think of things to other things, other exercises to do and stuff. So I think that's pretty neat. Still wouldn't give up my compensation though. 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
Yes. And I do think that's valuable. Are you aware of the different intensities of physical activity that affect your glucose levels. Yes, I am. They keep very close track 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
after physical activity. How long does it take for your glucose levels to normalize? I don't know. I never really pay attention to that. I don't know. 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
And how useful it would be very useful 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering that. No, I would not. 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
All right. What additional function? Well, functionalities would make this feature more useful. I think it's perfect just the way it is. I like it. 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
Can you describe the message displayed on the screen and the character featured on it? Ok. So that is your heart? Hi Ellen, feeling a bit be due to less sleep and sitting too much. That's awesome. What if you swapped your desk chair for a 20 minute walk to green market? I like that. That is. Yeah, and that is your heart and it's telling you you're being too lazy 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
and it was valuable, very valuable. How often do you track your sleep duration and quality? Ho honestly, that is only sometimes I don't track it that much. 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
So that would be useful for me. How often do you track your sleep duration? Mm. Sometimes not that much either. So that that would be helpful for 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
me. Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect your glu glucose level? I am. Yes. 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
Mm How important is it to track to his sleep tracking in relation? It's very important because um if you don't sleep enough. Yeah, your levels can be 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
messed up as well. What additional functionalities? I think it's perfect. Yeah, I like it just the way it is 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
and considering. No, I would not. Sorry, I think it's all great but no, I wouldn't give it up 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
lastly. Ok. Just not with your glucose. How? That's cute. On a high note. Just not with your glucose. Check out the different styles of alerts and elevated glucose levels which strikes your right cord with you formal tone. Your glucose level is high. Hey, there finally heads up urgent. I like um friendly tone. Definitely. 

End words:
All right.