Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
welcome to our feedback session. We will present a series of screens related to health Amendment. Please review each screen carefully and answer the following questions to help understand your preference and need. 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
OK, what do you see in the graph? And what do you think? The difference. Different colours and make markers present. How do you interpret the function of this graph in the context of managing diabetes? So what? I think, uh, this graph consider like, um, how we are, Uh, the the I think it's, uh you know, uh, verify or comparing all the the glucose level or, uh, diabetes fluctuate with our, uh, physical activities and meal. I think that's what it is in protecting. Uh, yeah, I think that is the one. Like, uh, how much, Uh, when we do physical activities, whether, uh, when we do physical activities, whether it will, um, the diabetes level go down or up or keep it, uh, high. Or how we do. Uh, what is that? How it will be comp, you know, done or would be compared when we have our meals configured, I think this is what it is. You know, uh, integrating. I believe so. So the the light dashed One is for physical activities. And, uh, the bluish one is for meals. Uh, and, uh, I think this is, uh, uh, on the left side of the B the vertical side because, uh, it it might be a glucose level. And the right side is, uh, something which is related to how many hours of physical activity we are doing or around what? Uh, time pattern. We are having our meals. I think this is what it is interpreting. I. I think this is what I assume. Let's go to next. 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
See, Do you know what primary impact your black boot level? I think stress is something which is definitely a factor which impact the level for me and food is definitely because, uh, uh, it also fluctuates in on the type of food which we eat. Uh, because there are many food items which can have that, uh, G high glucose, uh, content causing the level to spike. Physical. Uh, activity definitely is something which, uh, can help us balance it out, considering it is very required, uh, in our normal life based on, uh, you know, if we if a person is doing the activity very regularly. It's, uh, something which is very definitely going to help control the glucose level type of meal. Absolutely. I think it's a, uh, medium impact. Um, What I feel, uh, I would say it's high impact only because it depend upon what time we are eating the food or whether we are eating regularly at a regular distant of time that will help control our, you know, glucose level. So I think all these factors which is mentioned have a high impact. 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
Do you know what specific nutrients impact your glucose level The most, I think carbohydrates and sugar is of high impact. And, uh, and the fats are something which is mentioned for the higher impact. Uh, protein will have a low impact, and, uh, car, while it's any would be a medium impact. I think these are the factors which, as per my knowledge, 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
how do you experience schools? It's not very often, but yet sometimes 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
what action do you likely take if you learn to learn about the glucose spike? So I, uh, So it's, uh, when we have a when I have a ice spike, it depends upon how much ice spike. It would be if it is very, very critical. Then insulin is required. Otherwise, uh, we'll just, uh uh uh, I just need need to go to doctor to see consult my doctor. Um, and, uh, they prescribe you. You know, uh, they they they look into how much spike it is. And subsequently give me some feedback on how can I reduce it in terms of life, whether it is really required to reduce it through insulin? Or is it something which is, uh can be, You know, uh, because medicine is definitely required, uh, to, uh, underline it. So that, uh, uh, we we can get it controlled. Um, but yeah, to keep it in the normal state. And there are a few things which, uh, normally being asked to follow, uh, to keep it at a normal stage. But yeah, for the if alert is coming for the spike, uh, the insulin shots are required to bring it back to the normal state. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
How would you find it useful to have real time in our service? I think it's very useful because, um, this is something which we not with glucose checking is not something which We, uh, keep doing it regularly in terms of, um When? When I say regularly. It means like, um, we are not doing it regularly at every 34 hours a time. Uh, but yeah, um, we have to It's very beneficial. You know, when, uh when we get a lot, considering that, uh, it will help us a lot the state of our our health health level, because it's very dangerous. Uh, when it it goes to a certain level. So I think it's real time alerts is very beneficial. Uh, you know, for a person having diabetes, 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
which design which design or described features do you find most effective for your dates? Let me see. Expand the so good. So this is the first one. OK, swapping your tinder pasta for zucchini noodles drop. You eating blood glucose by 15 points? Uh, keep it up, OK. And, uh, which, uh, I would work my address are making a difference. You're feeling better. I think. Uh uh, the first one is the design is giving me more, uh, detailed information like the like when I have to eat. All right. Uh, and what I if I eat this, How much glucose level will come down, um, or will keep it under line. So I think, uh, design one is more effective. 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
What factor would encourage you to regularly use any of the features you just saw? Uh, person in sight recommendation from health care provider Division of Health. I think, uh uh, I think this is the one important. I think every all factor is really beneficial if we will definitely encourage me. Uh um, you know, using this feature, if I have all these features in order, 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
what record would discourage you from using any of the features? Sir, I think, uh, complexity will definitely discourage me. Lack of personal insight is also discourage me. Doubt and infect will. Definitely no recommendation. Poor integration? Absolutely. All these will definitely 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
discourage me. Considering this composition you received from participating in this what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access real time alerts for glucose level for a year? Um, I think this feature is quite important, so I will definitely go to 6 to 10%. 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
Please describe what you see on the screen, focusing on the list provided and its implication. Please describe what you see on the screen focusing the list provided and it is implication. What do you think is the purpose of identifying the top food? What affect your glucose level? Do you see yourself utilising this feature to modify your diet? And how important is this information for health Mental perspective. Let me expand this, uh, image to see what it is in there. OK, I think. OK, so this seems to be an app, uh, or an app where we can add our, you know, time where we are having the food items or meals, various meals, like when we are having breakfast snacks, lunch. So, um, what kind of, uh, whether it is balanced or unbalanced with having the high carb or kind of, you know, keep having balance. So and, uh and this also has a help kind of thing where it mentioned that these are the top 45 items to which we should avoid. So I think this this, uh, app seems to be quite interesting in terms of the page, it is being shown, um, on the left side, what I could see is the top five and spotted High Micro in the top five and foot it, uh, just packing your sugar tap to unveil the list and get personal advice. Let's turn this data into to better health, OK? And another unused suspect. Hey, like, we run to F for right, But let's use this inside to find the tap to OK, so this this app or this page basically is explaining the, uh, uh focusing on the list in terms of, uh, various five foods. Um, which a person with the glucose level should, uh, should, uh, uh, avoid, um, on the left side. It's, uh, when I see, uh, OK, but I feel that I will get an alert in terms of like the F uh, five items. Just put it when I click on it, I can get, uh, those list of those items which I should avoid. OK, so, uh, I think, uh, I mean, I'm not using this feature. So the, uh, so far And, uh, but yeah, absolutely. It's, uh, quite important to have a a list being shared with the, uh you know, the user So that, uh, the he or she knows about which food items he or she should avoid or restrict in his diet, uh, to keep the glu glucose level underlined, or, uh, control it. So I think, uh, feature is absolutely, uh, required. Uh, you know, uh, and if I get a chance to use it, I will definitely go for it. And, uh, and considering for the health management, I, uh, importance, I think getting to know what food you eat and at what time is definitely a very, uh, I feel it's a very, um, important thing to understand, uh, from healthcare perspective. And, uh, and it definitely, uh, you know, if we do or eat specific foods at a specific time, it will definitely help us keep our, uh, uh, glucose level in control. So, uh, it's it's definitely a good feature, and, uh, we will definitely help managing things very cleanly. And, uh, you know, uh, in a better way. Um, and absolutely the ST of food. Uh, which affect, uh, the glucose level is you know, the serent is absolutely in need. Uh, because from this list, only, you know, people knows that these are the foods. Which a person, he or she should avoid it. I think this is really a very very important things to get identified. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
How do you read the value feature that pinpoint food? Uh, I think it's very valuable because, um, as I mentioned that a person with glucose level should understand what food item? Uh, he or she should avoid eating, Uh, at what particular time? Also. And what should he totally avoid? Which is to, you know, spikes of the, uh, glucose level in his or 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
her body. Do you currently take food that, uh, sometimes, uh, So, uh, sometimes I definitely have this, but yeah, I. I didn't do it very often, but, yeah, sometimes 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
we do it. What are as food Would you like to like this feature to provide? Um, so this feature, um OK, so what? I feel the feature should also give a comparison level of, you know, various, uh, glucose monitoring at a standard, you know, specific time of the day. Uh, like, uh, if there is a possibility, a person should know that What is the glucose level at of at 8 a.m. What is at 12 a.m. 12 PM and then 3 p.m. six PM. I guess three hours segregation. If it is a possibility, then the person should also know that you know what is the what is going on in in his or her body? Uh, food item is definitely, Uh uh, uh, definitely a thing. Which which is required. But I think adding, uh, additional in line items where a user should also know what food item he he or she should eat, which can control the level or which he, which can reduce the level if there is a possibility. Because what I study is also, there are many food items which are which, which can, uh, keep the level in line or which can reduce it also, like, you know, sorai floors and other stuff. There are many, uh, superfood items which, uh, which are, uh, quite heavy on the stomach. And but it reduced the or it will keep the glucose level, you know, uh, intact. So I think those kind of thing, if it is mentioned in the in the information, that will also help 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the composition you are receiving of this part. What the amount you will will to give up to access the features that in five for quality, I think one to I see value on it is 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
whatever which is being conveyed on this notification about meal timings. In what way do you think these inside would impact your meal tiny and glucose level. And what would be the useful lesson? OK, so here we have the information like, uh so the these are kind of alerts Where, uh, which is coming that, uh, we notice that you enjoy your sneakers bar almost every day. Eating it before you walk to work leads to quicker sugar normalisation than eating it afterwards. OK, another, a lot I could see is observe that when you have a big evening meal, your sugar level takes longer. Time to settle. Our data suggests that when you eat a similar, um, meal, lunchtime will lead to quicker normalisation. Yeah, I think, uh, these are kind of alert which is coming and or notification which is coming. And it gives you the sight of, uh, you know, the kind of food you are eating and at what time you should eat it so that it will keep your glucose level normal, normal state. So I think these kind of alerts for knowledge perspective is OK, good. Good thing for a person uh, so that he will keep it to keep a track of what is happening. I mean, it's not a real time thing, but yeah, giving knowledge or or giving an insight on what a user should eat at what time and how it will be managed. I think that is a good thing. Uh, political knowledge will not harm it. So I think it's a It's a useful insight to giving to a user who is, uh, in terms of his or her habits. So I think it's It's fine. It's, uh it's a nice information being provided. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
Do you consider timing the meal in relation? Absolutely. I think, um uh, this is really very important. Uh, I don't track it much, but I want to stick to a certain time while having the food items. Um, based on what the doctors prescribed. Uh, but yeah, I think I did. Absolutely. For the timing perspective. Yes. 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
Valuable feature. I think it is somewhat valuable. Uh, yeah. 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Do you do you capacity you receive for the part participating in this rewarding person. Uh, I think I I see the value 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
as I definitely go for it. Could you describe, uh, the a lot on the screen and would suggest about the physical activity. Um, what do you understand about the future that described? Was there act to which I should alert? How likely are you to use this feature of a fish? So I can see there is a, uh, suggestions being applied at the at the screen of the customer in terms of, uh, based on data, we found the 20 minutes of work personal threshold or positive impact range. Is it less than may offer to see if we, um yeah, It's, uh, the alert is describes the physical activity threshold. Uh, basic in terms of like, how phys, How much physical activity you should with glucose. Uh, should do it. And, um uh, what understand about a feature that provide this personal activity threshold alert? Uh, I think, um, it may be something like, you know, uh, a user can set initially that this is something which he or she normally do, uh, in the daily routine and, uh, reminding him whether he has done it or not, or giving a motivation of, uh, for doing it. Uh, considering it is going to help his, uh, improving his health is definitely a motivation factor for any user who's facing this problem. So, yes, Uh uh, having this, uh, as a daily daily routine, uh, you know, keep it a tough in terms of person to, you know, uh, use it altogether. And if he's missing it, this a lot will definitely remind him that something is missing in his daily routine, which he or she should follow. Uh uh to, you know, keep his health health in the normal situ normal state. So I think it's quite beneficial. 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
Valuable. I think it's a valuable one. Physical activity, I think. Getting minimum. 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Yes, I. I see the value in it. And I think I see the value that I'll to to for it. 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
What do you see in the notation? What specific activities, uh, are being, uh, recommended on the management. So this this information says we directed this recent pack and purpose level. Here are some suggested activities to normalise it. Tell it, you just jogging 30 minutes just to work? Yeah, absolutely. I think, uh, this if this is, uh, coming as information, Um, I think, uh, given suggestions in terms of like, how can he he user can normalise it. Uh, I think it's a very beneficial thing, uh, to provide. Um, you know, immediate spikes and other reduced injection is something which we normally do. But there are other factors which can be followed, um, to reduce it. Um, I think a person should know about it. And, um you know, uh, and it's it's it would be really beneficial for him or her, uh, to normalise his, uh, a little recent specs or something like that. I mean, immediately specs, definitely with the medicines, but yeah, to control it. I think these kind of factors, if being provided, a person can follow regularly, and, uh, he it will definitely, you know, help his more heart control 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
it. Are you aware of in intensity? Oh, we have different intensities of it. No, I don't remem don't 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
have much after physical. How long does it take to wait? I? I am not very sure. Uh, maybe I think it's, uh maybe 30 to 1 hour, 30 minutes to one hour or maybe one hour. Yeah. 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
How useful it. I think it's very useful feature, uh, in terms of like, you know, a person, uh, you know to get testing on how the physical activities can 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
reduce it. I will. This feature is quite important. I think it's 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
I will definitely go. Right. What additional features? Uh, functionality would make it this feature more useful for you. Um, I mean, I understand there are features provided that in terms of like, which physical activity a person should do if there is a possibility of, uh, integrating this, uh, of, uh, in terms of person, choosing a physical activity and and tracking it all together. Like, if I'm just choosing jogging for 30 minutes and, uh, if there's a possibility of integrating with my watch or something like that and see how much whether it I have covered it or not or, uh, and when when my sugar level get, you know, lower down at what time? And, you know, during the course of my physical activity that will definitely, uh, get at some. 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
Can you describe the message displayed on the screen and the character feature in it? The purpose? Do you think you must sleep? My men, I think, uh, it's, uh there is a heart image altogether. And, uh, maybe we can consider it as a sleep like I am feeling a bit sluggish. It might be due to less sleep and sitting too much. But if you swap up to your desk type for 20 minutes to walk to Green Market, held at lunch? Yeah, I think, uh, this is this feature is something in terms of like, uh, monitoring the sleep pattern, I believe. Or maybe somebody who was sitting on the extra for quite some time and then do not doing the physical activity give him a little, uh, a little push in terms of, like, let's get stand up after tw and And go go for a walk So that, um, you know, you'll feel better or healthier in that. So I think, um, this rec sleep recommendation, uh, based, uh, I think based on the health and, uh, data is very critical because, you know, uh, the information Probably like if we aim at seven hours of sleep tonight, you might notice a positive in your glucose level tomorrow. So it will give an intimation in terms of like, you know, person should go for a normal sleep, at least for seven hours. Uh, and he or she should control his lifestyle in that profession only. I think this is quite quite useful message, Uh, for a person who are, uh, quite aggressive in his his or her work that have this trouble is getting in trouble because of the school course. So I think, uh, it's definitely a plus 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
factor. Um, sometimes 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
how do you track your sleep quality Sometimes. 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
Are you aware of how your sleep, you know? Yes, I know that. It definitely I don't understand that impact, but, uh, because of something from the work need or something like that, sometimes we have to stretch also in our daily routine. But yeah, we understand that this is really important. And, uh, we try to cover as much as we can. Uh, but yeah, I understand that it definitely affect 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
the glucose pattern. So important. Sleep in relation to my I think it's very important. I think it's really very important, uh, for any any level, because what I understood because of the sleep or not taking full sleep, it will increase your stress level and glucose level altogether. It is really very important for me, but yeah, I'm just trying to do that. 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
What additional fee functions. Uh, inside Would you like? I think it's again. You know, a feature where if this, uh, this feature can be integrated my watch or some which where I can wear, uh I mean, if I'm wearing a watch while sleeping, I understand these are the alerts. But if there is a possibility of scanning altogether, like how much I will SI have slept the last night through the watch indication. And that will definitely add more value in terms of the the tracking purpose for a user. And, uh so that, uh and based on that, if there we we can also get some alerts like, you know, you slept less, you slept two hours less. Please take care of your good level. And so and so So I think that tracking or integration may be more helpful also 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering Yes, I think it's quite important. 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
Lastly, let's hide just not with you. Because look at the style alerts of all because of what one strike. The right chord with you far is quite OK. You look for the music. Good. Ar I think the casual tone is much better. Uh, I think this should be insufficient. I think

