Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
OK. So I'm going to start by reading my intro. It says welcome to our user feedback session. You'll be presented with a series of screens related to health management. Please review each screen carefully and answer the following questions to help us understand your preferences and needs. Ok, so I'm going to move on. 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
Ok. So it says, what do you see in this graph? And what do you think the different colors and markers represent? So let's take a better look over here. I'm seeing here. Um physical activity, the green and meals are the blue. I'm not sure if that's hourly. Um oh green meals, meals. So what do I see in this graph? So right now I'm looking at a graph for it looks like um like down so I can see the whole. Ok. So low normal. So I'm seeing here that it's tracking my physical activity and my meal intake and it's telling me um low normal or high. So it looks like this would be um maybe like a blood sugar um marker. And the times of day that um the sugar was low, the sugar was normal or the sugar was high um and considering what type of meals that I'm um consuming or not consuming along with my physical activity. So that's what I think the different colors and markers represent. So it's helping me, um it tells me on the graph what each color means. And um it's telling me um when to monitor and when I'm doing OK. So the next question is how do you interpret the function of this graph in the context of managing diabetes? So right now it's telling me, um I'm interpreting it's telling me the times of day that my sugar might be a little low. My sugar is normal and my sugar is high and I can go back and log what type of food I had or did not have and when I should eat to keep it on a more even level, it also shows physical activity. Um right here. So, um depending on what my blood sugar was at that time, would depend if I need to eat more during physical activity or before. Um or after physical activity, my blood sugar went low. So that's um how I'm interpreting the function of the graph. So it's telling me so I can monitor my blood sugar levels um during different intervals through the day, depending on the meals I eat and the physical activity I have. So I know when to monitor myself and what changes to make to be able to um um have my blood sugar be more at a normal level. 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
So now the next question says, let's wait for to your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blood glucose levels? Stress definitely a high impact time of meal, high impact type of food, high impact. I would say physical activity has a medium impact unless I'm doing something very strenuous. So I'm going to click on next 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
to your knowledge. OK. So I'm waiting for, ok, to your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact your blood the most? Ok. Carbohydrates. Um any medium impact because there are um complex carbs such as sweet potatoes, um oatmeal things like that, that kind of um regulate the blood sugar a little bit better. Um Sugars, high carbohydrates, that's a high impact proteins, I would say have a little bit lower impact in fats. So now I'm going to go next. 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
Ok. So the next question asks how often you experience glucose spikes after meals. Um Depending on what I eat. Definitely, I would say sometimes if I wanna splurge and cheat um and eat something that I shouldn't really have, then yes, sometimes it will. 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
So now it says what actions would you likely take if alerted about a glucose spike? Um Well, if I was alerted about a glucose spike, um until my blood sugar levels come back down, I would monitor um what else is going in my mouth at the time. I'll make sure that I'm not having anything else that would further spike my insulin glucose levels um, to go even higher, like no more sugary carbs or things like that. And, um, I would definitely um avoid juices or anything with sugars, anything. Um, even natural juices, a piece of fruit. Um Also I've learned that cinnamon can help regulate blood sugar levels and so can almonds. So I might take a handful of those or I might just have nothing and just wait for it to come down on its own and drink some water um and try to get a little physically active. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
So would you find it useful to have real time alerts for glucose spikes after eating? Yes, I would find it very useful because sometimes you feel really crummy and you don't know why and chances are it has something to do with your blood sugar levels? 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
Ok. So now I see another graph or design and it says which design of the described feature do you find most effective for your needs, please verbally describe and why? Let's expand this so I can take a better look at this. So I see blood glucose swapping your dinner, pasta, noodles, dropped your evening blood glucose by 15 points. Keep it up. Ok. And then I see this one blood glucose. Good work. Mike your dinner choices. You're feeling better, aren't you? So I kind of like this one, better be more detailed. Um This is nice, got used to using this and I kind of understood how this graft worked. Um But I'm not liking it as much because, you know, times um that'll help me better monitor cause I don't remember day to day what time I ate dinner or lunch the day before. Um Because I it's not that important to me. Um So I would like the first graft better. I do like the me, the second graph on the right. Um It's kind of more motivating, it feels more personal to me. Um So if that could have been added in with this option one over here, then I think that that's nice because they're giving um a nice suggestion here about swapping pasta for zucchini noodles and it dropped my points by 15. So that's letting me know that I made a smart food choice and keep it up as motivating. But I do like this edit in with it. So somehow option B can be combined with option A and all the details in it. That would be very nice for um the message up on top, but I more for the portion. So let me just now shrink this image back design A and that is why because it is more detailed with the times of day with the physical activity, what's going on. Um So that can help me monitor more um closely what is happening to my body throughout the day, maybe change my meal times, uh my activity times, things like that. Um But I definitely liked the message um on the top and B so if that can be combined a little bit more personal by using my name, um And the question, you're feeling better, aren't you? That would be nice too. So I'm gonna go over all with design A. 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
So now the next question asks, what factors would encourage you to regularly use any of the features you just saw? Um definitely ease of use personal insights because I mentioned personal before proven effectiveness. Sure, because I wanna make sure if I'm going to put the time and effort into monitoring something like this that I'm actually going to get results. Ok. Recommendations from a health care provider integration with other helps integration with other. OK. So let's get rid of this. OK. Integration with other help apps or devices would definitely be helpful. 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
So now let me move on here. So it says what factors would discourage you from using any of the features you just saw definitely complexity or difficulty of use because it would require too much work. Um Lack of personalized insights and poor integration with other health apps. So 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
next, OK. Considering the compensation you are receiving for partaking in this interview, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access real time alerts for glucose spikes for one year. Um Currently, I won't give up any of my compensation um because I need it. Um It's the holidays. So normally I would probably um say that 6 10% of this is quite important for me, but right now uh zero. 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
OK. So now it says please describe what you see on the list provided and its implications. All right. So what do you think is the purpose of identifying the top foods that affect your glucose level? So let's take a look at this, just scroll down and I'm gonna expand the image to take a better look. So top five offers, hey, Mike, we've identified the top five foods that are spiked sugar. All right, balanced snack was high carb lunch was balanced. Now I'm wondering if these like what I kind of ate like fruit or if I eat protein for lunch. Um and it's given me the top foods to avoid. Ok? And it's telling me what's spiking my insulin levels and I see some icons down here. So tap the reveal, tap to reveal the lineup and get custom tips. OK. So let's see here. Let me go back and shrink this. Now that I've taken answer the question, what do you think is the person identifying the top foods that affect your glucose level? So the purpose of this would be to let me know like, hey, you may think that bananas are smart food to eat because it's a healthy choice. It's a fruit. Um And to me, I would think it had less sugar in it, but now I find out that it is affecting my glucose levels, so I can eliminate that food or have it in more moderation. Um Maybe when I'm having a low, um my glucose level is low, maybe I can go for a half a banana. So um I think that the purpose is to help me monitor what I'm putting in my body. Um That's hurting me or what I could implement in um the event of a low sugar uh level. So it says, do you see yourself utilizing this feature to modify your diet? And how important is this information for your health management? I definitely see utilizing the feature to modify my diet again. Um I do think it's important because if I don't know what I'm eating, how it's affecting my health, it's not going to get any better. I'm not gonna get any better. So I would definitely use this feature. It would teach me smarter eating and probably help me lose some weight. So next. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
OK. So let's see. How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoints foods leading to significant glucose spikes? Very, it's valuable. 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
So the next question, ask, do you currently track foods that cause you glucose spikes? Um Sometimes. So I will say yes to this sometimes. Sometimes I just get so frustrated and I don't care anymore and I'm just gonna do it um and splurge and deal with it later. Um But so yes, I do, but not as well as I should. 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
What in what additional information would you like this feature to provide? Hmm I think I would like it to um I'm not sure if it is getting an exact reading of what my blood sugar is when I do. Um is there a way that I can log in what my blood sugar was when I check it so that it can integrate with this? Um I guess this is what it is doing. Um That's why it's giving me the the graph. Um So let's see. What information would you like when my sugar is low? What can I do to raise it? Um What choices can I have like the banana? I have a banana if that's spiking it when my sugar is low, maybe suggest like for my body weight and my size um height, things like that. Um What I can do. Oh Your sugar is low. Give me an alert like a notification and um provide me with a choice that I can have to eat. 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
So considering the compensation you are receiving for participating in this interview, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access a feature that identifies foods causing your glucose spikes for one year? Um I'll give it a 1 to 5. 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
OK. So now the next question says, Mike optimize your Snickers timing. We noticed you enjoyed a Snickers Bar almost every day eating it before your walk to work leads to quicker sugar normalization than eating it afterwards. So tap here for more timing insights. OK. So that's helpful to know which is what I assumed. Like maybe if I'm going to do some kind of physical activity and it's gonna lower my blood sugar after the fact to just raise it a little bit and adjust it. Um that way it could, it could kind of burn out um throughout the exercise or the physical activity and I won't drop and feel miserable. So it says what information is being conveyed in these notifications about meal timings. This is letting me know um that how to eat smart to utilize and still enjoy the Snickers Bar, but how to do it smartly so that it normalizes my blood sugar more rather than spike it and then drop it significantly. So the next question asks, in what ways do you think these insights could impact your meal planning and glucose level management? Um This can help me still enjoy the foods that I want to cheat on a little bit um But be able to use it to help myself. Um So that I feel better throughout the rest of the day. So the next question says, how would you rate the usefulness of receiving insights on meal timing? And would you adjust your eating habits based on them? I definitely, um obviously, if I knew how to do all this myself, I wouldn't be in this position. Um So I would say that it's extremely useful on a scale of 1 to 10. It's a 10 for me. And would you adjust your eating habits based on them? Yes, because it's going to help me, it's going to make me feel better and I could still enjoy the things that I like. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
So now it says, do you consider the timing of your meals in relation to your glucose levels sometimes? Yes, because I can feel it coming on. Um So my body lets me know, but then I get smarter about it. Um so that I can adjust not all 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
the time but a lot of times. So the next question says, how valuable would a feature be that suggests optimal times for consuming certain foods to manage glucose levels? That it's very valuable? Again, I wouldn't be here if 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
I knew how to do that on my own. So considering the compensation you are receiving for participating in this interview, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access a feature that provides suggestions for optimal meal timings for managing glucose levels? This I would give 6 to 10%. 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
Ok. So now it says, please describe the alert on the screen and what it suggests about physical activity. So it says let's is of control of your life. So let me just scroll down a little bit and it says Mike's personal activity threshold based on your data, we found that just 20 minutes of moderate exercise is your personal threshold for positively impacting your time and range and reducing glucose spike, sizing less than that may not if it's more about your unique activity threshold. So, um let me go back to the question now that I've looked at this screen is letting me know um how much I need to have physical, how much of physical activity I need to have to um help lower my glucose spikes. What do you understand about the feature that provides this personalized activity, threshold alert? What do I understand about it? I understand that it's helping me. Um it's monitoring me and it's letting me know like, hey, do this and you'll feel better. So how likely are you to use this feature in your daily routine? And how beneficial do you think it is for your diabetes management? I definitely would use this feature in my daily routine because I do need to exercise. I do need to maintain my weight. Um So this is letting me know, I don't have to do it for an hour. I don't have to feel overwhelmed, which would make me inclined not to want to do the physical activity. So 20 minutes sounds much better to me than the 60 that I thought or even the 30 minutes. So I definitely would be likely to use this in my daily routine and it's definitely 100% beneficial. 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
Ok. So now it says how valuable would a feature be that provides insights on the minimal level of physical activity to impact very valuable. 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Ok. So now considering the compensation you are receiving for participating in this interview of this amount, would you be willing to give up to access a feature that informs you about the minimal level of physical activity impacting your glucose levels for an entire year that I'd give 6 to 10%. 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
Ok. So now it says, what do you see in this notification and what specific activities are being recommended to manage blood sugar levels? So, let's see, we've detected a recent spike in your blood sugar here. Some suggested activities to normalize it tailored just for you jogging. 30 minutes, brisk walking, 40 or yoga. 45. So let's go back to the question. So it's letting me know what types of exercises would be most helpful for me and the amount of time I need to do them. Um It's telling me that I can go jogging um for 30 minutes, a brisk walk for 40 or yoga for 45 minutes. I would probably opt for brisk walking. Um because I feel like I'd be winded with jogging and yoga, um seems a little strenuous and very long. So if I can get the same amount of um work output through the brisk walking, I would probably choose that. So how do you think this personalized activity guide functions in relation to blood sugar management based on the activity suggested. So, huh how do you think it functions? I think that it's monitoring my blood sugar. Um And it's collecting all the data day to day and it's getting smart and learning. Um What would be good for me to do? So it's personally tailored to me. Um So now the next question says, how valuable do you think a personalized activity recommendation system like this is for managing diabetes? Would you be likely to follow the suggested activity? Yes, because again, I wouldn't be here if I knew how to do all those things and knew how to exercise properly. So 100% I think that I would use it. 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
Ok. So are you aware of how different intensities of physical activity affect your glucose level? Um Yes, in a way like if I'm gonna go running, I'm gonna get tired out faster and use up all my energy more than if I'm just taking a walk. So, yeah. Um average, I would say my average understanding 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
of that after physical activity, how long does it usually take for your glucose levels to normalize? Oh, I'm gonna say 30 minutes to an hour. Um So sometimes I feel really crummy after I exercise, especially if it's very strenuous and right away, I feel like I need to eat so I can tell that my blood sugar dropped. Maybe I did not take in enough um, nutrients before I started the physical activity. So like 30 minutes to an hour. I'd say 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
how useful would a feature be that estimates the time needed to normalize glucose levels after different types of physical activities? Um I'd say valuable because 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
I think my body tells me too. I can figure that out for myself a little bit. So I'm gonna give this a 1 to 5. I do see the value and it says considering the compensation you are receiving for participating in this interview, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access a feature that estimates the time needed to normalize glucose levels after physical activities? So 1 to 5% for this, 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
what additional functionalities would make this feature more useful for you? Is there a way that I can put in the types of exercises I like to do and I feel comfortable doing because taking into my physical condition, maybe there's certain things that I can't do, maybe I can't run. I have bad knees. So is there exercises that I can implement in there that I would like to do? And then the um system can pick those exercises for me and suggest them 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
says, can you describe the message displayed on the screen and the character featured in it? So it's a heart. So right away before reading anything, it looks like maybe this is for my heart health. So, hi Ellen, feeling a bit sluggish. It might be due to less sleep and sitting too much. Ok. I was wrong on that. It says what if you swapped your drink, your desk chair for a 20 minute walk to Green market healthier lunch could turn your day around. Hey, Ellen, what if you aim for seven hours sleep tonight? You might notice a po thats tomorrow. So let's go back and say I can describe the message being displayed on the screen. It's giving me a helpful tip on um up like it's motivating me to go do something to go eat something. Um And the heart is showing it cares initially, I thought maybe it had to do with my heart rate or my heart health and it's waving the flag like I felt like I give up. Um So it says, what purpose do you think this message serves in terms of sleep management and glucose control? So the sleep is gonna help me overall to keep my body healthy and keep my blood sugar levels in check. It's also gonna keep my stress levels lower. Um So it's telling me like maybe I'm not getting enough sleep. I'm only getting six hours of sleep. So suggesting at least try for seven and um it might help my glucose levels the next day because I won't raise my cortisol levels and be stressed out. You to find personalized sleep recommendations based on your activity and data. I do find it valuable because sometimes maybe you need a wake up call. You need someone to tell you like, hey, you're not doing this right? And this can help you if you just add an extra hour to your sleep. 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
Ok. So the next question says, how can you track your sleep duration and quality? I'd say sometimes if I'm having a really crummy period where I'm waking up a lot at night or I'm hungry in the night and I wanna eat things like that. Um Then I'll pay attention to those time frames. Um But not all the time. 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
How often do you track your sleep duration and quality again? Sometimes, 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
how aware of how, how are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect your glucose levels? Um I mean, overall, I feel crummy the rest of the day if I did not get a good night's sleep. So, yeah, I'll feel sluggish. Definitely. 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
How important is sleep tracking in relation to managing your glucose level? So I, I really didn't realize how important it was. Um So I'm gonna say neutral um as, as far as my point of view at that point in time, 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
what additional functionalities or insights would make this feature more useful to you? I would like to see the chart um a sleep blog like of how many times I woke in the night, if that's a way that I can integrate with my eye watch or something like that, that I um opened my eyes, shut my eyes, um went to sleep, slept lightly, get up to, we went to the bathroom, uh moved around while I was sleeping. Things like that would be definitely very helpful because even if I laid in the bed for seven hours at night, doesn't mean I actually slept for seven hours and I have five minutes remaining. 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
So I will move on considering the compensation you are receiving for participating in this interview. What percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to gain access a feature that tracks and correlates sleep duration and quality your glucose. Um 1 to 5 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
and now the last activity says lastly, let's end on a high note, just not with your glucose. Check out these different styles of alerts for elevated glucose levels, which ones strike the right chord with you. Ok. Formal tone, casual tone, friendly tone, urgent tone, I'm gonna say friendly because I don't want to be yelled at um but if this is crunchy tone, um I'm gonna say friendly tone definitely and maybe if it's extremely low my blood um glucose an urgent tone and a casual. Oh, it can only pick one so friendly tone. 

End words:
Ok? Thank you.