Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
you represented a series of screen related to health management, I Well, OK, let's 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
start. What do you see in the graph? And what do you think That different colours and and ma markers represent. How do you improve the function of this graph in the context of managing diabetes? Um, so this, uh, this what is, uh, what I understand is, uh, they so at the bottom is the time. Uh, then the green is when I did the physical activity. I'm talking to you. Like if, as as if I did it Blue is when I had something to eat. This graph here is telling me the glucose level. Uh, so it was, uh, going down at the time of physical activity. It stayed for another two hours. And then as soon as you eat the meal, it goes up over 10. Um, just what I understand. 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
To your knowledge. What primary effect? I primarily impacts your blood glucose level stress, high impact type of food, medium timing of meals. Uh, medium physical activity medium. 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
Do you know what specific nutrients impact your blood glucose levels the most, um, carbohydrates, Any carbohydrate sugar? Uh, proteins. Fats. Now it depends what type of fats. But yeah, I would say medium, if you are just generally talking the bad ones, 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
how often do you experience glucose spikes after meal? Often, 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
What actions would you likely take if aller to about a glucose spike? I'll go for a walk if possible. Uh, walk approximately 1000 steps and then, uh, yeah, I see the difference. Um, after 1000 steps, I start drinking lots of water. I drink water and I walk this. These are the two things I do. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
Would you find it useful to have real time alerts or glucose spikes after 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
eating? Very useful. Which design of the described feature do you find most effective for your needs? Let me just look at it. Physical activity means blood glucose. Helping you turn past the physical kidney. Drop to your evening with glucose by 15 points. No, your dinner choices are making a difference. You're feeling better. Um oh, The first one, the 1st 100%. this one. The A Yeah. Design A Oh, why, uh, because I don't I don't want to know what is, uh, low or normal. High. I don't want you to decide that for me. Just tell me what it is, and I'll decide. Because what used to be hi five years ago. Sort of normal. Now it's sad, but that's the reality. Um, I'm talking about in my particular case, 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
what factors would encourage you to regularly use any of the features you just saw. Um, effectiveness. Mm. Personalised insights. Yeah. 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
What factors would discourage you from using this? That, uh, lack of Yeah, these two. Our core integration as well. So if I can't see the data, what's the point? 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Considering the compensation you are receiving for participating in this interview, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access real time alerts for glucose spikes for one year? 100%? I'm only getting $10 by the way. 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
Is it 10? Yeah, it is. 10. Uh, please describe what you see on this screen, focusing on the list provided and its implication. What do you think is the purpose of identifying the to foods that affect your glucose levels? Do you see yourself utilising this future to modify your diet and how important? Ok, let's see. Top five offenders spotted. We went for the top five foods. The rest back in Michigan. Breakfast balance snack. Hi. Car lunch. Top five foods to avoid. They usually suspect you around each other. OK, brilliant. Look, any any anyone can, uh, help. Um, any insight, Uh, or alert. Very useful. Useful? Um, I will. 100% use this. Been diagnosed for the last few years? Not in the last few years. Uh, from 2016 to nearly eight years. And I still don't know what what impacts? Um, how much heartbreaking Sometimes HB a one. C is 45. The other time it's 70. So close monitoring like this will help. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
How do you rate the value of a feature that pit points for living? A very Well. 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
Do you currently track foods that cause you glucose spikes? Not 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
really. I just know reading all these books listening so much, I just know what What's what's not good for me. So I avoid them, But, uh, there could be some hidden ones hidden culprits. And if they wish and your thing will identify them, that will be great. Help. What additional information would you like? This feature to provide exercise the impact of exercise. So if I walk. What does it do? Some not sometime. I go to gym every day I walk. I do cardio in some certain days, and I do the strength. Ex exercises. I don't know which one has more impact it during the whole day. So, for example, yesterday I did running and, uh, mostly cardio today. I did, uh, uh, weights a lot of them. I would love to see when I do cardio. Does it keep my blood sugar low for longer? Or if I do strength exercises, that would be helpful, 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the composition you received for is what percentage of this amount would be willing to give up to access a feature that fight foods causing. Listen, you should have increased the compensation so that if feel, it means something in 10 do dollars. You You're saying you would rather have the information about the food that's causing your glucose spike? Oh, you have $10. I mean, come on. Of course, I'm I'm going to say this information. If we had paid 100 then we could talk. 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
This is easy one. One question is being conveyed in these notifications about meal timings in that In what way. Do you think these insights could impact you and almost every day before you walk to work it to Yeah, uh, very useful information. Uh, of course, if the app can identify that, uh, and I'm, uh I assume that I have to take pictures of what I'm eating, and, um and that's that's That's fine. But that would be super helpful. And I will certainly adjust. I'm the kind of person who just want to do these things, um, to bring my sugar level down, keep them down. Bringing them down is not 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
a problem keeping them down. You can see the timings of your solution to glucose level. Absolutely. 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
Unfortunately, I work in industry that I, um however, that I have to eat. I cannot have the set timing for eating. How valuable would the feature be? The suggest optimal times. Absolutely 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
valuable. I will pay more than 10%. I will pay more than a dollar. 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
Yeah, Please describe the alert on the screen and what you suggest about physical activity. What do you understand? Based on the data, we have found that just 20 minutes of motor exercise is your personal threshold for positively impacting brilliant. Brilliant. Because II I go to gym every day, but I don't stay more than 30 minutes. So because of my timings and schedule, I cannot afford to be away, Uh, in the morning for more than 30 minutes. So what I do, I do seven days a week. Um, when I had time, I used to do five days a week, but I used to go for 45 minutes, seven days a week. Sometimes I think, or many of times, I think is it enough? Um, to do this, that will be brilliant. 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
Piece of information. 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...


Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
What do you see in this? OK, Mike. Personalised activity guide. We detected a recent spike in blood sugar. Here are some suggested activities. Excellent. Jogging, walking yoga 40. Fabulous. Uh, listen, um, I if if you are, um, if if you need, uh, guinea pigs, uh, for that kind of, uh, product to test and check, I'm your person. I'm, uh uh I'm very much into analysis of these things, and I can do a review because I would really like to have something like this in my life. I desperately need it. This is very, very valuable to me. uh, would you like me to For this activity, I will. 100% follow the the suggested activity. I. I would have, like a bit of strength exercises as well in there. So, um, not Nece, But like the exercises says it says jogging, walking or yoga. Now, if I'm if I'm in the office, I cannot do any of them. I would have liked if you had said ok. Do, uh, 100 squats in the period of 20 minutes that I will do immediately. I'll get a hold a chair and do something with the So that's just minor suggestion. 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
Are you aware of how different in in, uh, in intensities of physical activities affect people? Yes, I am. 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
When I go out of breath, high intensity helps more after we discuss with you. How long does it usually take for your glucose level to normalise? 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
More than an hour. Uh, how useful would a feature be? That estimates the time needed to normalise glucose levels. 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Different. Absolutely valuable. Considering the compensation 100% 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
I will pay additional functionalities. Like I said, uh, exercises related. If somebody is working, um, in the office sort of thing. Um I don't know if I can post this. This is but 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
nevertheless, um Hi, Alan. Feeling a bit sluggish? It might be due to less sleep. OK, what if you swab your desk here for a 20 minute walk to green market? A healthier lunch could turn your day around. OK, so this is for the sleep management. Yeah, but if you aim for seven hours of sleep tonight, you might not be supposed to change in your glucose. 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
Excellent. I have different app for that. How often do you track? Uh, always 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
How often do you track your sleep? Duration and quality 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
Always. Yeah. Are you aware of, uh, how your sleep patterns affect your glucose 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
level? Yes, I am. If I don't sleep well, if I eat too late and all that sort of thing, it affects my glucose. Uh, how important is sleep track in relation to managing people? Very important. 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
What additional functionalities or insights would make this feature more useful? I would say if you can, uh, connect somehow that it is not just so I didn't sleep well last night. Ok, I know this already, but why did I not sleep well? It's because I didn't do much exercise, uh, in the during the day or I did too much exercise or, uh, cardio and stuff in the evening. Uh, look at that. Effects to cardio aerobics in the evening. Then they struggle to sleep. I ate too much. Too late. I consume too much alcohol. Um, because on certain people, definitely myself, it it it affects the sleep badly. Uh, affects the sleep negatively. Ire to sleep. I should have said so, uh, we are combining these, 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
but it's it's it's still quite useful. I will pay all my money 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
for this. Lastly, let's and on high note, just note with your glucose. Check out these different styles of words for elevated glucose levels. Which one strikes the right code for you? Your glucose level is high. Immediate action is required high here. It looks like the sugar is up. Time to take some steps. Heads up, glucose A bit high. Get down Alert. Elevated glucose. Detective, please Suppress Crunchy glucose is high time for equilibrium. Um, casual. Looks like you should waste up time to take some steps again. If you need a guinea pig or someone to test to protect army Thank you. I really enjoyed it. It was very lengthy. Um, but I really enjoyed it because I could just relate to every single part, Uh, of this questionnaire. Have a good Christmas and Happy New Year. Thank you.

