Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
Welcome to our user feedback session. You presented the series screens related to health. Man, please review each screen carefully and answer the phone questions to help us understand your preferences 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
and needs. OK, what do you see in this graph? And what do you think the different colours and markers represent? OK, so this is probably my, um, physical activity. Yeah, meals. And this is my blood sugar level. Probably. Um, and it's spiking up and down. Uh, depending on on that, um, yeah. OO on my daily intake. Um, so that's what I expect that means 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
Do you know what primary impacts your blood? Glu blood glucose levels, um, type of food, physical activity? Well, physical activity and timing of meals. Um, stress. Um, I mean, I have quite a stressful job. Um, but my doctor didn't say that was necessarily part of it. It was more, uh, my sugar intake through alcohol. 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
You know what specific nutrients impact your blood? Glucose carbohydrate sugar, Um, and those two not proteins. And depends on what type? Uh, fats, you know, 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
how often do you So 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
what actions do you take? You're unlikely to take you altered about glucose. Um So, uh, I am trying to go around around the sort of, um, the the natural way of treating it. Um, I have, uh, to monitor it. So what I could try and do is I try and stay away from sugary carbs. So even on a healthy day, what I do is I. I have a brown. Well, I try not to eat bread now anymore. Um, uh, but what I'll do is instead of white rice, I'll have, um uh, whole grain rice. And so my sugar levels don't spike. Um, I used to drink excessively. Uh, I haven't drunk for six months. And that would cause, uh, serious spikes. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
Would you find it helpful to have a real time? Let you are very useful. 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
Ok? Which design describe which of the described features do you find most effective for your needs? Yeah. Definitely. Yeah, because it's it's got a bit more, um A It's got a bit more detail because also as well, it also leads to from zucchini. News was struck with zucchini. Yeah, it's giving you actual direction on food products. So, for example, for example, there sort of like pasta. Um can can make it spikes depending on what type of pasta it is. And like, uh, zucchini, which, uh to me is courgette noodles Will will lower that. So it's giving you a bit more advice on your food products. 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
What factors we encourage you to ring is ease of use, personal influence. Um, proven all of these things recommend for healthcare provider. Um, probably not, because I've got that covered but integrated with other health apps. Um, I think also as well. I mean, as I alluded to you on that last screen, I think if if, if it's if you're doing suggestions of alternatives, I mean, I'm, um, quite clued up now because I've had to look into it. And, you know, I just sitting here with my dad. So I thought, like, oh, we should 58 different products, Um, because I've had to look into it seriously because of O of it. But some people don't, and some people aren't educated, so the more you can information you can give them on healthier and alternative food products. Uh, the better. 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
Um, which factors would dis discourage you from using any of your features? Just so Yeah, definitely. Um, complicity of difficult. Um, and lack of that was all of these things. Um, poor integration. Yeah, those things, um, would be definitely, um I'm actually dyslexic. Um, so complexity or difficulty of use would be more. Um, that's obvious, isn't it? I mean, you wouldn't want that because people then wouldn't use your app. Um, and lack of personalised insights. Of course. Because the more information you can get, the healthier people will be as I alluded to before, you know, if you were sort of training, um, or giving people advice exactly when you said there. So, for example, you know, taking out white breads. Um, obviously, alcohol is a big no, but you know, those sort of things. It it really 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
helps, considering the compensation you you received for position. What percentage would you be willing to give up to access real time works of, um, considering the competition you're receiving for what percentages of this amount would you be willing to give up to access real time alerts for glucose bytes? Yeah. I mean, I'll probably do more, You know, Um uh, I haven't really looked at, you know. Well, III I know you can do it. you can get the patches on your arm and monitor it. I've done that. Uh, Or if I really like that feature of what you you've done there again, losing back to what it was there about DOO offering different food options to stop the spikes. 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
Please describe what you see on the screen. Focus on the list provided and its implications. What do you think is the purpose of identifying top food, food? Top foods that affect your glucose level? Do you see yourself utilising this future to modify your diet? And how important is this for your health management? Hey, so we identified top five. You are spiking your sugar. Yeah. I mean, that would be brilliant. It's personalised, um, and it and it's giving you advices. And and there nutrition, breakfast, snack lunch, top foods to avoid bread, bananas, watermelon, chocolate cocktails. Brilliant. Um, you know, that's all good advice. That, um, would help that, um I've just learned something new there as well. Um, and I didn't know. Brett. Excuse me, Um, and watermelon cos obviously they're full of fructose. Um, but I thought bananas were a slow energy release. Um, obviously, chop and cocktails are a no one, but I didn't know bananas were. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
How do you rate the future? How would you rate the value of the future that pinpoints foods and very in credit, like, just so important. 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
Do you currently track foods that? Yes. 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
What information would you like to provide? Maybe Sort of like calorie intake. Um, input in the time of meals. Um, I mean, obviously you wanna do that anyway, so it would just, you know, you would know when you are it. It sort of monitors it, um, and can suggest potential good times. Sort of to eat. 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...


Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
What information has been conveyed. We know you're a naughty boy, Mike. Snickers bar. Um, yeah. Um, well, so it's basically just it's it's kind of giving you a, like, a little kick up the butt, isn't it? Sort of like, stop eating those chocolate bars, because that's gonna ruin 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
it. 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...


Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...


Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
Please describe on the alert. Basically, we just found that just 20 minutes of moderate exercise. Yeah, I mean again. I mean, I, I you know, this is really useful information. Um, I've actually gone to dieticians and personal trainers. Um and yeah, I use sort of, uh I'm I'm now a keen road cyclist. And also, I do impact weights just to put stress on, um, my heart as a muscle and it needs to be used and stressed to to to be strong, 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
very radical. 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...


Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
Yeah, totally. I mean, exactly that. It's sort of like, what? What su suggest, You know, great suggestions of to do that. And then that could be tailored around. You know, for example, I don't like jogging because, uh, I used to play a lot of football, and my knee is bad, so I have to do low impact stuff. Um, so, yeah, you could personalise that to injuries or to what you 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
enjoy? 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
Um, I don't know, I. I don't know, actually. On that one. I haven't really checked that one out. That's interesting. I'm gonna 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
look at that. Very valuable. 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...


Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
Um, what additional functions? Um, I think you've got most things covered there. Haven't you? Sort of like your intake, your food intake the time, um, suggestions of foods. Um, the real No. Nos. I mean, you know, you you alluded to one thing on cocktails, but I think, um, you know, like the onset of diabetes for me was, uh, uh, alcohol. So, um, you know, you could sort of maybe integrate that with more of not just general well being. 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
Yeah. I mean, it's It's 55. 13 in the morning here. I've been up since three o'clock because I can't sleep. Um, so, yeah, that would be really useful as well. And I'd love to get my sleeping sorted, so definitely. Yeah. Because obviously, you know, you need a certain amount of sleep to for your body to To To to cope. 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
Um, how often do you track your sleep during duration? Um, rarely, Um, I. I have a high, uh, quite a stressful job. Um, and I find if I get stressed about my sleeping, it gets worse. So I just roll with it. Since, you know, I've been up since half three. This morning, Um, running to Christmas, trying to get all my work tidied up. I know. If I if I think, uh, a sleeping app would stress me so and it would it would make the problem worse. So, um, I would not use that because I know it would trigger me. 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...


Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...


Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
How important is sleep tracking? Resting? It's important, but, um like I said for me, Um, with sleep, It's, um I just accept it for what it is, because the more I get, I'm I think about it. The more the less I sleep. 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
Um, I, I think, Um, goals, um you know, So, for example, let's say you were starting from a low base and you you wanted to hit certain targets if there were sort of goal base, You know, you put in your all your, um you know, your biometric essentials, and then you could go right. Here's your plan, Tom. You know, this is what you're gonna do. You're gonna start off doing this and cut that out, and then we're gonna work towards it, so it sort of it puts you on a programme. Maybe this does. This app will do that. But I think, um, that would be really useful and sort of, you know, little hints like, for example. You know, um uh, I mean, I had a problem with alcohol, but sort of like, let's say, you know, Tom, if if you stopped drinking, um, those extra two pints, this is what the the positive impact would be or giving up that chocolate bar. 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...


Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
Just OK. Lastly, let's end on Highlight. Just not with your GLI. Check out different ST of beds. Which one's trying to call with you? I did. I like that one friendly to because it's a stressful Um, it's stressful, isn't it? So you know your glucose level is high. Immediate action required stress, stress, stress. You know it doesn't It's not positive for me. Heads up. You look who's behind, Let's get it down. It's calming. It makes you feel like that You you know you're being looked after.

