Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
Yeah, the session will be slow season. Ok. 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
Do you see in the graph and what do you think the different colors of markers represent? Ok. So this is the line is the glucose level and the dots are where it's was normal though glucose uh levels were low, normal and high. How do you interpret this function of this graph to in context to managing diabetes? Um Also shows the baseline of where physical activity was when you had meals. Um So to me, it looks like it was normal, beginning of the day after physical activity, it dropped low, then it left after a meal, it went, it went high and then it started tapering down after the second meal and went low and then it went back up. 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
She knows what probably impact your blood glucose levels. Uh let's say medium impact types of food, high impact, high impact and high impact. 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
Do you know what specific nutrients impact your blood glucose level? Most carbs, carbs? So proteins and fats, they definitely do. 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
Do you experience glucose spikes after meals after him? 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
Which is what you'd likely take if alerted about glucose spike. Um I would see if I need to, depending on if it's high or low. Um If it's low, probably try to intake some type of sugar like an orange juice, something like that. Um If it's high, probably drink some water, um relax, 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
would you find it useful to have real time alerts? Very useful 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
and describes better? Uh I think a because it just has, it looks like it shows more and it gives you more insight as to what's going on throughout the day, 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
which factors encourage you to regularly use any of these features. It just so uh you use personal insights, uh proven effectiveness. I say that would probably be there 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
top three. What factors would discourage you from using any of the features? Uh See that's an effect, isn't it 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the compo the composition you're receiving for processing in this interview? What percentage of the amount would you be willing to give up to access real time alerts glucose spikes once a year concerning the compensation you are receiving for part in this interview? What percentage of this uh would you be willing to give up to access real time alerts for glucose spikes for one year? 6 to 10? 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
Please describe what you see on the screen. Oh, cool. Shows the activity, what's going on? What you ate tells you if it's balanced or not, our high carbs shows you what your nutrition levels at. Tells you the top five foods to avoid. Pretty cool. Um gives you kind of what's bad that you should avoid. I definitely would um I would definitely use this cause it would probably also keep track of like my calorie intake and stuff like that. I think this is really cool, 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
very valuable. 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
Yeah. Um I track foods but not for glucose spikes. 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
I think I would like to see if it could show like my calorie intake how much water I'm drinking. Um I think those would be the, the other things that I would want. 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
So receiving in this interview, a percentage of the amount the access that, that'd be cool. 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
And we know that you enjoy Snickers Bar almost every day before you walk to work leads to quicker sugar. You shouldn't eat it after it. Oh, that's cool. It tells you like what impacts what foods impact your sugar intake and when you should have them, I think that's pretty useful because of the fact that it means I could have like a sweet before I go do major exercise or major things. It still feel like I'd have a normal life and be a balanced life. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
No, no, I 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
will not. I think this is very valuable. 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...


Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
Yes, that's cool. Gives you a, a insight into your exercise and your personality. I think that's cool. That helps. I mean, it's not huge but it definitely helps tell you what your goals are, you know, and things like that. 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
Um, it's valuable. 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Yeah. Uh yeah. 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
I mean, I see where it gives you personalized, like what you should be doing, jogging 30 minutes first, walking, 40 yoga, 45 what you should, you know, in order to keep your sugar levels balanced, I think that's cool. Um, I think it would be valuable for me in order to help out. I think also, you know, if it told me, like, what I needed to do, if I wanted to lose weight or maintain weight, that would be cool. 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
Yes, 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
I am more uh, that physical thing. How long does it take to usually, uh, about 30 minutes to an hour? 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
Very valuable. 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Uh, 6 to 10. 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
Um What additional functionalities would make this feature more useful for you? Nothing else 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
think of sluggish it might be due to. Oh, that's cool. Um, basically it's a sleep monitor tells you how much you, how long you've slept. Um, I think that's cool because of the fact that you, it tells you how to manage it. Definitely. Awesome. 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
Always 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
track your sleep duration. Always. 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
Yes. 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
Important. Very important. 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
Um If it gave like levels of how, when you're in and out of sleep and how long that would be cool. 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...


Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
Um, I see. And a high note just not with your glucose, different styles of alerts. Which one uh say fing to would be cool. 

End words:
Awesome.