Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
OK, welcome to our user feedback session. You will be presented with a series of screens related to health management. Please review each screen carefully and answer the following questions to help understand your 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
preferences and needs. OK. So what do you see in the graft? What do you think the different colors uh markers represent? OK. So in the graft, I see uh physical activities, my meals. So it's actually showing me um on the physical activities, whether it's low, medium or high. So in those ranges, it's just showing what my levels are um during those, during those times. How do you interpret the function of this graph in context of managing that your diabetes? So it, it's showing that it's good during certain times, then it's showing that it's slow, then it's showing that it's too high, it spiked and then it's showing that it lowered back down. So it's just showing the different levels of what I should feel like during those times 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
or what it constitutes during those times. OK. Now, to your knowledge, what primarily impacts your glucose levels? Uh the type of foods I eat, stress, the timing of my meals and my physical activity. So for me, 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
all of those have a high impact on my glucose levels. Ok. Now, to your knowledge, what specific nutritions impact your blood or any kind of carbs sugars? Um protein and fats don't do too much. Uh they have pretty much a low protein. Doesn't have any effect. Fat might have a low uh 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
impact. How often do you experience glu glucose spikes after meals? I would say sometimes not, not 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
a whole lot. OK. What actions would you likely take to abort the glu glucose spikes? For me? I just make sure that I drink a lot of water to get replenished and it usually comes down after my spikes. If I just drink a whole lot of water, I usually get myself back together and just kinda remember not to try 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
that particular um food again. Would you find it useful to have a real time alert, glucose spiking after eating? Absolutely. That would 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
be very useful. Ok. Now please design, I mean, I'm sorry, wish designed, which design of the described features do you most do you find most effective for your needs? Ok. So design A is let me expand the view. Hold on. Design a swapping your dinner pasta for zucchini noodles, drops your evening bgs by 15 points to keep it. Uh keep it up good work. Mike your dinner choices. Make a difference. Oh, you're feeling better, aren't you? So for me, I think a would be my favorite design uh because it shows what I have eaten and 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
reminded me of the good choice that I ate. What factors would encourage you to regularly use it uh ease of use, personalized insight, proven effectiveness. Uh recommendation from my care, professional, integrated integration of other help apps and 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
devices. So I would say all of those, what factors would discourage you? Poor integration. Um doubt of effectiveness, lack of insight, complexity and difficulty 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
of use. Ok. So those would be my choice considering the compensation you are rece the yeah compensation you're receiving for participating in this interview. What percentage of the amount would you be willing to um give up to access real glucose amounts? Um Right now. Oh, 1 to 5%. 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
All right, let's expand this your activities. OK. So, oh, I'm sorry, let me go back and reverse. Please describe what you're seeing on the screen focusing on the list provided and its implications. What do you think the purpose of identifying the top foods um that affect your glucose level? And see, do you see yourself utilizing a feature feature, this feature to modify your diet? Um How important is the information in health management? So let me go with the first question. First. What do you think the purpose of identifying your top foods that would affect your glucose? This would actually help you and knowing some of the things that would trigger your glu glucose, which is good. You know what's what's showing to spike it, what's showing that'll uh make it useful. So, and then it's showing the things over here that will balance those things out. So, do you see yourself utilizing this feature to modify your diet? And I do, I can see myself using it and how important is the information to your health management? It helps out a lot because sometimes you, you know, we do get caught up in the things that people tell us about uh diabetes. You know, some things that work for some people may not work for others. But for the most part, we know how we got there, most of us do and we just need to make better choices in getting out of it. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
If possible. How would you rate the features uh that pinpoint the foods leading to that to your glucose spikes? 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
Very valuable. Do you currently track the foods, spike your glucose? No, I don't track 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
them. I just kinda know what not to eat. What additional information, what additional information would you like this feature to provide? Um I think that uh the things that I would like is for it to have an option to share with my doctor if I need to do that. 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Ok. Now, considering the compensation that you're receiving for the participation, what percentage of the amount are you willing to access that identifies uh food? Ok, 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
so I'll say 1 to 5% because right now a little tight what information is being conveyed in this notification about your meal time. And so you see that uh Mike optimize your sneakers timing. We notice that you enjoy the Snicker Bar almost every day. Eating it before you walk to work leads to sugar quicker sugar normalization, then eating it afterwards. Very important thing. We observed that you had a big meal, evening meal, your sugar levels take longer to settle. Our data suggests that when you eat a similar type meal at lunch time, it will lead to a quicker, quicker normalization. So what do you, I think that insight is very, very useful. Um What do you think the insight that impact your meal planning? I think that's very useful. And for your glucose level management, how would you rate the usefulness of receiving the insight on the meal timing and that would adjust your eating habits based on them? Very good, a very good advice. So it just kind of resonates with you and it is great advice. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
All right. Do you consider the timing of your meals in relations to glucose letter levels? Yes, I do. Um I try to take advantage of making sure I have my bigger 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
meals through the day instead of late at night. How do you value, how valuable would a feature to be suggested, the optimal times and consuming certain foods to manage your glucose? I 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
would consider that very valuable. All right, considering the compensation to the percentage that you have the this feature that provides, I would say for optimal uh meal timing and managing your glucose, I would say for this one, 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
the same percentage. Ok, please describe the alert on the screen and what suggestion about your physical activity. What do you understand about the future vas but personalization threshold alerts. How likely are you to use this feature in your daily routine? And how beneficial do you think it is in managing your diabetes? So let's go over here and see what we got. Let's achieve this together. The goal for the day is take control of your life. My personal activity threshold, based on the data we found that found that just 20 minutes before moderate exercise is your personal threshold and positively impact the time range to reduce your glucose spikes, exercising less then that may not offer any benefits. Great to know. OK, so let's close that image up. OK. So I feel like that is very, very useful because you don't want to be doing something in vain that's not really going to help you. You still wanna do it, but you want it to be part of something that would be beneficial and I would be likely to benefit from this every day. 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
OK. And I think that how valuable would the feature like uh provide insight for minimal levels of physical activity necessary to impact your glucose? I think it's very 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
valuable information considering the compensation, how much would I be willing um to give up on my conversation. I think 1 to 5% would 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
have been, would be sufficient. Ok, let's see. What do you see in this notification and what specific activities are being recommended for your glucose levels? So we see here, let's achieve this together. My personalized activity goal, we detected that a recent spike in your blood sugar. Here are some suggested activities to tailor to you jogging 30 minutes, a brisk, 30 40 minute walk or yoga for 45 minutes, please select the activity. Um I think that this is being personalized to show you exactly some things that will help you level out your sugar levels. Um And how valuable do you think the personalization activity recommendation system like this would be for managing your diabetes? And would you be likely to follow the suggestions? This one of the suggestions is a bit much for me. Um, because I can't jog anymore. I can't even do a brisk walk like that. Not for 40 minutes and yoga. I have vertigo. So I don't know, I think that I could walk but it wouldn't be a brisk walk. So the suggestion is fine. I wouldn't 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
be able to follow this one. I would want to, but I wouldn't be able to follow it. How are you aware of how different intensities and activities affect your glucose levels? Yes, I am. 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
Ok. Next one. After physical activities, how long does it usually take for your glucose levels to normalize, it usually takes uh about 30 minutes to an hour. 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
OK. How useful would this feature be to estimate the time you need to normalize your glucose with different physical activities? That would be very, 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
very valuable. OK. Considering the compensation, I think for this one, the same thing, 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
1 to 5%. OK. Now, what additional functionalities would this feature be helpful to you? I would wanted to say low, I would want it to have like a feature where I would be, you know, that you could put in before you get your results on what you need to do. Cause a lot of people um I see that have diabetes sometimes go along with other issues. So I would want a feature on there to say what I can do for low impact, you know, if you have physical limit, um limits and things of that nature. So I would wanna have that feature to say I need some low impact. And how long would it take for me to level that out so that I can know? And then I wanted to actually say, um maybe you need to consider not eating this food if you can't commit to the following something of that nature? 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
All right. So let's see. Let's see. Can you describe the message displayed in this screen? And uh and the character featured in it? What purpose do you think the message serves in terms of sleep, sleep management and how bye. B complete recommendation based on your activity and health. So let's think that this is a sleep emoji. They're so cute. Hey Ellen. Ellen is the A I mean the avatar that is showing uh feeling a bit sluggish. It might be due to less sleep and sitting too much if you would swap your desk chair for a 20 minute walk to green market. A healthier lunch could turn your day around. Hey, Evelyn. Ok. What if any aims for seven hours of sleep tonight? What if you aim for seven hours sleep? You may notice po positive changes in your glucose levels tomorrow. So for me, this is conveying what you need to do to feel better. It gives uh the emoji and showing somebody actually trying to get some sleep. Um So that's the purpose of this message. Message is to tell you about that, tell you what could make things better for you to get some sleep and then a goal for you to achieve. And I find this extremely helpful uh based on that recommendation. 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
Ok. Um How often do you track your sleep? I don't track my sleep. 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
Ok. Now, how often do you track your sleep duration and quality? 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
I don't track it. Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect your glucose? Yes, I am. 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
And how important is sleep tracking in relation to managing? Um I would say uh somewhat important. 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
Ok. What functionalities or insight would make this feature more useful to you. Maybe just saying, um, some other things about what not to do before going to bed don't indulge in re um, watching a lot of TV. Um, watch your beverages, watch what you're intaking before you go to bed. I would like to see that kind of information 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
as well. Ok. Now, considering the compensation you receive and participate in this interview, what percentage of the amount would you be willing to give up to gain access to the features that track and calibrate sleep duration and quality for your glucose levels? I would say 1 to 5% 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
on that. Ok. Lastly, let's end on a high note. Just not with your glucose, check out these uh styles of alerts for elevated glucose levels which one strikes a chord with you uh formal tone. The glucose level is high, immediate action is required. Casual tone. Hey, there looks like your sugar is up, take time, take time to take some steps. Friendly heads up, your glucose level is a bit high. Let's get it down urgent, elevate glucose detected. Please address crunchy tone, high glucose, high time to uh eat equilibrium, equilibrium time for some equilibrium. Ok? Um I would say uh right here the friendly tone because we get yelled at enough 

End words:
in life.