Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...


Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
All right, I'm going to be looking at a graph. What do you see in this graph? And what do you think the different colors and markers represent? Well, it looks like this is on physical activity and eating meals. And the graph is from 0 to 12, low normal and high physical activity in meals. So this is just tracking my physical activities. And when I am eating throughout the day, 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
what primarily impacts my blood glucose, physical activity? Oh I'm gonna start at the top stress. So I think stress, I'm gonna put low impact physical activity. I'm going to put high types of food, high timing of meals. I think that that's high too. Well, my gut says medium. So that's what I'm gonna go with because I do know when I uh uh go in between meals, timing is important. 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
So what's my knowledge of uh nutrients? So, carbohydrates, I think that that is medium impact carbohydrates and sugar, high protein, medium fats. I'm not sure that fats I'm gonna say low impact for there, but I am not that well versed. 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
Um So glucose spikes, you know, so I am not even though I have been diagnosed. II, I don't really feel the symptoms so I'm gonna say rarely do I experience spikes. And if so, I'm 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
not even sure that I noticed. What? Yeah. Yeah. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
Ok. Um, I'm gonna say, you know, will I find it useful to know if I'm having a spike? I guess I would find it somewhat useful just so that I could understand what the symptoms and what my symptoms specifically 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
would be. Which design of this feature would you find most effective? I'm gonna expand this so I can see it a little better glucose swapping your dinner, pasta for zucchini noodles. Oh, this is just showing you the effects of making good choices. Minimize that. I think I like more of the simplistic design. So I'm gonna go design the, I think that people would find that more user friendly, less complicated, 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
which factors encourage you to regularly use any of the features you just saw. Um There's I can do so. So first personalized insights uh both looking at what's possible and then proven effectiveness. Uh So with my specifically, what works, what doesn't so that I can sort of target uh specific to me health care providers know integration with other apps or devices. Uh Now uh Well, maybe because I do like apps next, 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
what factors would discourage you from using the features? Complexity is always a discourage for most folks, me included lack of personal insights, doubt for sure. Um poor integration. If it's supposed to connect to other apps, but it's not working well. 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
That would be a hindrance. Consider uh considering the compensation and receiving participants. Ok. Well, if this provides good results for me that I could sort of use for my health, I would 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
do more than 10%. Please describe what you see in the screen focusing on provided implications. All right, let me expand this so I can see what it's trying to tell me. Ok, today's meal had a meal top offers. But hey, Mike, we identified the top five foods that are spiking your sugar tap to unveil the list and get personalized advice, breakfast, snack lunch. All right. So, so this just looks like it's providing, you know, I I'm assuming that it has based some of this on previous uh things about me when I eat what I eat those kind of things. And then it's offered me sort of uh a routine, you know, when I should eat breakfast, lunch, uh snacks and given me the best foods. Again, what I'm not sure of, of this is sort of based on me personally or this is just generic information, but it just provides tips and uh possibly a, a model of the schedule for me to use 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
glucose spikes. Again, I'll say somewhat valuable because personally, I haven't really specifically felt one or know what that is uh like for me. 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
And so do I currently track the foods that cause spikes No, I do not. 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
All right. 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Next, considering the compensation, what percentage of them are to be, I'd say more than 10% again, if it provides health benefit, 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
then I'm all for it. What information is being conveyed in these notifications about meal timings? In what ways do you think these insights could impact your meal planning? How would you rate the usefulness? Let's see what it's telling me a minute ago. We noticed you enjoy a Snickers Bar almost every day eating it before you walk. The work goes to stronger even afterwards. Tap here. Ok. So in general, I mean, again, these are more tips uh for me, I, I guess I have used an app to log what I'm eating and then if I'm taking my uh glucose uh doing my testing on a regular basis, it, it, it provides me more, the more I record, I guess the more relevant the information would be. So, yeah, I, I think that that would be interesting, useful. Uh I think I'll start with interesting and see if it moves into useful. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
Do you consider the timing of your meals? No, I really don't. Uh Not at this point anyway. 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
So how valuable would I find something that uh suggests timing? Um I'm gonna go with somewhat valuable again, based on me, I haven't really noticed any benefits or negatives for when I eat, but it would be useful, somewhat valuable to start seeing that 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the compensation what percentage would you be able to uh I'm gonna be consistent and say more than 10% if it helps my 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
health. So another image, let me look at that. So just letting me know again, similar to the timing, this just gives probably some just basic information about how much exercise. Uh how much is this is based on me putting in information specifically? Uh or it's just general, I'm not sure at this point. So would I use this? I would say possibly, I mean, I already have a smart watch that tracks physical activity that has goals and things like that. When I use something. In addition, that's, you know, I, I think it depends on how often I'm in there and maybe the two can integrate together. I'm not sure, but I don't know that I'd wanna have multiple devices that sort of track the same things. 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
Yeah, with this one, I'm gonna stay neutral on how valuable I would find it because I would have to really see it first because I do track 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
that other ways I'm gonna stay consistent with more than 10%. If it's something 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
I do find valuable, I have a look. OK. Activity. So here we're getting more personalized. So it's telling me that it detected a spike. Now, I'm wondering how they detect this. I mean, is this something you have on normally all the time? Uh, or, you know, because I, I take my sugar count multiple times a day. But so it's detected a spike and it tells me to normalize, it gives me various things I can do. So, yeah, that I find that interesting. Yeah. So, yeah, this is where it gets more, less generic and more specific to me. I like 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
that. Are you aware of how different intensities? No, I've not really studied how the intensities play into my glucose 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
levels. Uh How long does it take for my glucose levels to to normalize? I do not know. 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
So I'm gonna say neutral on how useful this would be. I mean, since I haven't really noticed any what that feels like to me after physical activity now, actually I'm gonna stay consistent, I'm gonna find it somewhat valuable. So once I understand the information and I can see how I'm feeling and how any of these activities our suggestions make me feel better um might be valuable. 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Yeah. And again, for the compensation, I would say when it comes to this kind of thing, 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
10% is more than 10% seems reasonable. So additional features to make it more 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
useful to you. Ok. This is just giving me more generic tips. It seems giving me what, how much sleep to aim for things like this. I think that this is pretty generic information. It doesn't seem too targeted. So how valuable. Yeah, I mean, it's, it's always interesting somebody like me who, you know, is pretty new to this uh and hasn't really done a good job of tracking things in various ways that I could make it better. So possibly I could find some of this useful. Uh So, so, yeah, II, I think it would be valuable to at least get a baseline and understand and see how some of these tips uh if I follow through help. 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
So how often do I track my sleep and quality? I would say sometimes again, my smart watch if I uh wear it at night does have those functionalities. How often do I actually check it? Not that often, 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
I'm gonna say rarely do I check the results. 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
So how my sleep? No, I've really not done any research on how 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
sleep affects my glucose. Um I'm gonna say for this, how important is it for tracking in relationship to my glucose glucose? Since I have not really had any personal impact that I'm aware of. I'm gonna say neutral. I mean, I have taken my, you know, some of the timing of when I do my levels are, you know, when I wake up before breakfast. Yeah. And so, but I've not really tracked it long enough to see if there's a trend that I need to be focusing on. 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
Yeah, 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the compensation I'm gonna stay consistent over more than 10%. Uh that tracks sleep. 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
Let's end on a high note, not just with your glucose, check out these different styles of alerts for elevated glucose levels. Which ones strike the right chord with you formal tone. Your glucose level is high, immediate actions required. Well, that's pretty formal casual. Hey, there it looks like your sugar is up time to take some steps. Heads up, your glucose is high. Let's get it down elevated glucose. Please address glucose is right time for equilibrium. Ok. So I think the casual tone in between the casual and friendly but I'm gonna go with the casual tone. They seem very similar 

End words:
to me, but I like that one just a little better.