Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
OK, welcome to our feedback session. You'll be presented with a series of screens related to health management. Please review each screen carefully and answer the following questions to help us understand your preferences and needs. 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
OK, OK, what do you see in this graph? What do you think the different colours and markers represent? Um, how would you interpret the functions of this golf and the contents of managing diabetes? Let's have a look. So this is this would be blood sugar levels, um, in relation to meals. So and obviously so this is good. So your blood sugar level in terms of when you've done physical activity and when you've eaten meals throughout and how that affects your blood sugar in terms of yeah, you can see the colours for low, normal and high 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
to your knowledge. What prima, what prim? I can't even say it. Prima primarily impacts your blood glucose levels. Um, so definitely, uh, time of good meals. Types of food, I'd say would have high impact. Um, definitely, uh, physical activities and stress as well. Stress. I don't let stress sort of affect me too much. I don't try not to get stressed 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
to your knowledge. What specific nutrients impact your blood? Uh, carbohydrate sugars, high impact. Um, so medium fat and carbohydrates. Really any, but definitely carbohydrates. Sugars in the most. OK, uh, let's just move down here. 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
Click to next. How often do you experience glucose spikes after meals? Um, sometimes pence it on the meal. 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
What? I've eaten. What actions? Uh, would you like to take if alerted, Um, about a glucose spike. Um, I'd I'd want to sort of be able to to to do something about it. I'd like to be able to know about it, to sort of, um to be able to act on that. So what actions would you like to take? Um, if alerted, uh, be able to deal with it. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
Would you find it useful to have real time alerts for glucose spikes after eating? Yeah, I would. I would definitely say that that is very useful to have Yeah. 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
OK, which design of the described feature do you think most effective to need So a B? None of these. Let's have a look expand image. So let's have a look at those two images so low. I definitely prefer a definitely prefer a so a without a shadow of a doubt 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
cos it gives the contents of the exercise which you do and the meals. What factors would encourage you to regularly use any of the features you just saw? Ease of use personalised insights? Yeah, definitely proven effectiveness. Uh, well, sure. Recommendations from a healthcare provider. Yeah, definitely. All of all of those would would definitely help. 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
What factors would discourage you from using a feature like you just saw? Complexity, Lack of personal insights. Definitely. Doubts of effectiveness. All of these things. No recommendations. Poor integrations. 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Uh, considering the the the compensation you're receiving for participating in this interview, what percentage of this amount are you willing to give up to? Access? Real time alerts, Uh, for glucose spikes for year one. Um, considering the comp compensation you're receiving to give access? Um, yeah, I would I would say 6 to 10 of this feature would be quite important to me 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
for sure. OK, please describe what you see in the screen. Focus on, uh, the list provided about the, uh, implications. Uh, what do you think the purpose is to identify the top foods that affect OK, um, do you see yourself utilising. So let me have a look at this expand image. So here we go. So is this breaking down? What? I've eaten sweets, so top offender spotted Tayar. We've identified that. Ah, this is cool. So this is gonna identify what foods? Um, Spike, maybe Spike. Um, OK, so the usual suspect here might, uh, we've round up the top foods that are called Spike. So this is brilliant now, So this is getting clever. So this is monitoring what I'm eating and then seeing what gives me spikes? Um, so I'm just looking today, So a meal, So breakfast. Perfect. So, bread, bananas, watermelons, uh, chocolate and cocktails. OK, Hopefully he's not drinking a cocktail for breakfast. Um, but well, OK, so, yeah, this is getting clever now. So this this is this is monitoring what you eat. It's it's working out. What products you're eating are causing spikes for you. Do you see? Are utilising these features? Yes, definitely. How important is this? Yeah, it's definitely important, um, to 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
make me aware of what products. So do I definitely see a value in that? Yes. 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
Uh, do you currently track foods? Yes, I do. Uh, I know certain foods that I should avoid. 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
What additional information would you like this feature to provide? Um I guess how much of a spike as well, You know, like, um even to be able to sort of work out exactly in terms of the top five foods. What? How much of a spike they give, um, and other things as well. So maybe maybe to really sort of break down. Um, how much of a spike I get from these different products? 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Um, yeah, I see value in it. Say 1 to 5% for sure. 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
OK, what information is being conveyed in these notifications about time meals? So let's have a look. In what ways do you think that these insults could impact your meal? Ok, this is sounding quite clever. Now, is this basically saying that it would sort of give me an idea of what I should be eating? We've noticed you enjoy a Snickers bar almost every day. Eating it before your walk to work leads to quicker sugar normalisation than eating afterwards. OK, so basically, this is telling me this insight is telling me, um, you know that I should be eating things before I do exercise. Uh, but then the sugar normalised. So, yeah, that's that's cool to have. So it's telling me when I should be eating these food. Mike, your meal matters. We observed that you have a big evening meal. Your sugar levels take longer to settle. I do suggest that, OK, that when you eat a similar meal at lunch time, you need to cook it. So this is basically telling me to not eat such a big meal at din dinner. Time to eat. So this is giving me insights as to how I should be eating. So yeah, 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
that's useful for sure. Um, do you consider, uh, the time of few meals in relation? Yeah, cos I exercise a lot. So yes, I do. I 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
do. Um, and I do see that valuable as well. Cos I do like to keep ex, 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
uh, keep fit and exercise. Um, I see some value in that as well 1 to 5%. 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
Ok, please describe the alert on the screen and what is activity? What do you understand about the feature? So I can expand here? So let's have a look at this image. So let's achieve together goals today to take control of your life. So Mike's personal. OK, so this is This is we've just found that 20 minutes of exercise. OK, so this this is really sort of explaining, um, how much exercise is, obviously, what you understand about the feature. So it's explaining how exercise helps and how to do regular exercise. How likely would you use this? Um, to be 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
to be fair, I do exercise a lot, so I'd say somewhat valuable. I mean it. 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
It it it, um I wouldn't want to give up any, um, of my compensation 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
for it, but, um, yeah, I do. I do see that it's good. Um, what do you see in this notification? What are the specific activities are being recommended. So it's recommended to do, um, exercise to help manage blood sugar levels. How do you think the personalised activity, uh, functions in relations, uh, to sugar management? Best so best, you know, doing activities on a daily basis. So it's telling me that I've got spikes and it's telling me maybe to go and go and have a run or do go for a walk or do some sort of exercise. How do you think this, um, is personalised recommendation so you'd get notifications on on the on the, um on on the app, which I think is valuable to have, you know, just in case you weren't aware of maybe going to do a quick walk or do a quick 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
activity. Um, are you aware of different intensities of physical activities? Yes. 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
Um, after physical activity, how long does it take for your glucose levels? Um, less than 30 minutes, I would say pretty sure 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
on that. How would you, uh, feature How useful would a feature be that needs? Yeah. I mean, it's it's it's good to have, isn't it for sure. 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Again, I wouldn't want to give up conversation 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
for the test for it. Um, what additional functions would would make this feature more? Um, I guess the the additional thing would be is how much exercise if it was able to sort of say, you know, maybe a 10 minute walk is what you need, based on the spike you've got. Or maybe, uh, maybe a 20 minute run is what you need for the spike. So if it was maybe a little bit more specific As to what you would need to do and how much of a spike you're having. 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
OK, can you describe the message displayed on the screen and the character featured on it? So let's have a look. So you've got a heart on the screen? Um, hi, Ellen. Feeling a bit sluggish? It might be due to less sleep. OK, so this is interesting. So now you've got the heart that's telling you, Um uh and sitting too much. So this isn't good. This is now talking about sleep. So, Ellen, what? You should be aiming for seven hours sleep. Um, tonight. This is good to have, um it might notice a positive change in your glucose levels, so OK, so obviously the sleep is really important and not sitting around too much. So what purpose do you think in terms. So this is monitoring your sleep as well. Um, and trying to make sure that, um, you get enough sleep to help control your glucose? How valuable do you find the Yeah, I mean, definitely 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
valuable to have. How often do you track? Sometimes I do not 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
all the time. Um, yeah. Sometimes I'd say it's probably more rarely in terms of how 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
I track track. Um, how where have you sleep it somewhat. Not entirely. But I know it 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
is. It is an issue. How important is it? Relation. Yeah, it's it's it's important for sure. Um, 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
to have that, uh, what additional functions or insights would make this feature more useful to you. Um, I guess if you had a graph on on all of it that it was able to sort of show you for the day your your meals, your sleep, your amount of sleep, you had your spikes, your exercise, um, sort of all captured into one. It would be definitely more useful to track. What's my optimum sleep eating exercise? Um, for for a day to sort of best manage my my levels. 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Um, considering the compensation you receive, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to gain access to? Features that track and correlate sleep duration? Yeah. I mean, I don't want to give up all my compensation for the test, but III I 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
think it would be good to have. Lastly, let's send on a high note. It's not just your glucose. Check out these different styles of alert to elevate your what strikes a chord with you? Um, form a note. Your glucose level is high. Immediate action. Casual. Hey, there. Looks like your sugar's up. Take some steps friendly. Heads up. Let's get it down. I quite like that. Uh, urgent. Hm? I don't know crunch. That's quite stressful. Um, glucose is high time for equilibrium. I like the friendly note heads up that that's the best.

