Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
Welcome to our user feedback session. You'll be presented with a series of screens related to health management. Please review each screen carefully and answer the following questions to help you understand, to help us understand your preferences and needs 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
physical act. OK. So I'm seeing physical activity and meals. This is a chart over time um showing the uh at what point there was physical activity and OK, that makes sense. So what do you see in this graph? And what do you think the different colors and markers represent? How do you interpret the function of this graph in the context of managing diabetes? So as I look in this at this particular graph, um I'm going to expand the image just to make sure I I've got it. Um let's see, it's a little too large. Let me close the image go to the smaller one. So as I look at this, I'm thinking that this is probably the graph of uh the glucose levels over time. Um I know from what I've been told by my doctor that ideally um you should, you should be like uh about five uh in terms of the glucose measurement and I see that there is a green bar kind of in between four and six, which is the ideal level. Um And then I'm seeing as it goes up and down, um low as it gets down towards two and then um uh uh high or that, that red indicator up there at 11. So I think this is basically showing the um the glucose level uh over time and it, it does mention uh, physical activity and meals, but I'm not necessarily seeing. Oh, ok. Wait, wait, I think I might see it now. So the, the downward arrow, um, in the, in the little, um, uh, dash line, that bar might be, uh, the time where physical activity is, is being engaged in. Um, ok, so that makes sense. And then the downward blue, uh, dashed line is when you had meals. So you can, uh, I think there's a little bit of a delay in how that affects your, um, your, um, uh, glucose levels. Um, but you can see, you know, after you eat a meal, what's the effect? And, you know, maybe after you exercise, what that effect might be as well? Ok. 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
Ok. To your knowledge, what primary primarily impacts your glucose levels. Um, I know the, um, the types of meals that you are, the types of food that you eat definitely has a high impact. Um, I think physical activity has an impact but I'm not sure if it's as much So I wanna say um uh medium impact timing of the meals, medium impact stress, medium impact, 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
what spec to your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact your glucose levels the most? Um uh definitely carbohydrates and sugars have a high impact. Um medium impact on these others proteins and fats. 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
How often do you experience glucose spikes after meals? Um I would say sometimes for 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
that, what actions would you like to take if alerted about a glucose spike, what actions would you likely take if alerted uh about a glucose spike? Um I would make sure that it's not too high. Um So my doctor did give me a range where he said, you know, if it's, if it's in this range, um, you know, kind of pay attention to your body what's happening. But if it's like a super high range, then to definitely call the doctor or call, um, you know, in, in special cases, if it's super high, it's even just call the uh call 911. I would say like may maybe in more of a long term view as I'm seeing a trend of higher alerts, I need to start taking better, look at what I'm eating and maybe make adjustments to my lifestyle, um, my meals and increase my fitness level. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
But you find it useful to have real time alerts for glucose spikes after eating. I would find that very useful. Yes. 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
Ok. Which design of the described feature do you find most effective for your needs, please verbally describe why. Ok, so I'm seeing um a glucose. Let's see, this is swapping your dinner pasta for zucchini noodles, drops your uh evening blood glucose by 15 points. Keep it up. So I like that because um it's giving me kind of a a feedback mechanism to know that I made some kind of a cha I made a conscious change and I'm seeing the, I'm able to track the actual results of how that change is playing out in my life. So I, I definitely like that. Um Let's see. And the one on the right B glucose could work. Mike your dinner, choices are making a difference. You're feeling, you're feeling better, aren't you? Um And that's kind of an interesting um I, I'm, I'm wondering if in B there is uh an option to actually confirm whether I'm feeling better or not because uh there's a chance I might not be um as I'm looking at it, I'm kind of more of a detail oriented person. I like to have more information and A definitely provides me more information. B is a little bit more generic. And so I know for myself if I'm gonna track it, I'm gonna track it and I want the details. So I would say uh design A is what I'd like to use. 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
OK. What factors would encourage you to regularly use any of the features you just saw? Um So uh I'm kind of more into trackers now. Um I've got a uh a Fitbit that's been very informative to my life and helping me to um track uh aspects of my health. And I really like the personalized uh insights. So I would definitely say that ease of use is a big, big one. Um proven effectiveness. Uh I would say, and, and I'm, I'm wondering how that might come through if that's uh maybe claims or um some studies that have been done. Um that definitely has an influence and impact on me uh recommendations from um health care provider. Yes. Uh for sure. Um And integration with other apps. That's 11 biggie. Um I wish my uh fitbit app that I have kind of integrated, what better with my smart skill. Um I, I've got to manually enter the things that my smart skill does and I know that uh you know, that skill integrates with its own app, but it would be nice if it integrated with my app so that I had my fitness things kind of in a, in a centralized area. So, um integration definitely is important to me. 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
What factors would inco would discourage you from using any of the features you just saw? Um Definitely if it's too complex, um it would in, in uh impact, you know, whether I use it and how regularly I use it. Um I wouldn't say that uh I would say that poor integration with other apps would definitely affect it. Um, doubts about effectiveness. Uh, yes. Um, in general, I mean, the, the main tracking mechanism is the blood glucose and basically what's going on with me. So, um, as long as it's measuring that aspect, I, I can see where it might not have to get too personalized and, you know, attract too much personal information about me. I think I'd be all right with that also, you know, health care providers aren't, aren't always up to, to um knowing the latest uh information. So that might be something that um I'm not necessarily concerned about 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
uh considering the compensation you are receiving for participating in this interview. What percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access real time alerts for glucose spikes for one year? Ok. So this is kind of an interesting question um because I'll be honest and I don't know the uh the compensation uh this, it wasn't stated uh uh um in the email that I received. So um yeah. Um so I'm gonna put an imaginary figure in my mind and try to answer this question. Um So 0% I will not give up any part of my compensation 1.1 to 5% uh 6 to 10% more than 10%. Ok. So I would say if my figure, you know, is, is, is accurate, um I would be willing to give up to 6 to 10%. Um Because this is something that's um you know, impacts me directly, it definitely uh is something I'm concerned about. I, I wanna get it under control and I wanna take steps to correct it and stay on top of it. So that is to me, it's worthwhile to invest a little bit in that, in that effort. 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
OK. Please describe what you see on the screen focusing on the list provided and its implications. What do you think the purpose of identifying the top foods that affect your glucose level? Um Do you see yourself utilizing this feature to modify your diet? And how important is this information for your health management? Ok. So top five offenders me uh spotted, there's a uh kind of an info card here that's saying top five offenders spotted um that are spiking my sugar tap to Anvil to listen and get personalized advice. So that's, that could be helpful for sure. I do a lot of uh Google searches to find that types type that type of information. And so being able to have that within an app would definitely be helpful. Um The usual suspects. Hey, Mike, we've rounded up the top five foods causing your sugar spikes. Ok, so I like that. Um So the first one's kind of the, the top card is more generalized about, you know, what can cause somebody uh to have spikes, but this next card is what's causing your spikes. And I I think that's pretty cool, um, to be able to know what's affecting me personally. Ok. And then in the app itself, um, you're looking at, um, today's nutrition, um, and basically how the meals that I've chosen or, uh, so it looks like it's, um, that, that I've actually eaten already and kind of where they fall on the scale. So my breakfast snack and lunch, it kind of puts it in a general range and I can see, hey, um you know what you did isn't so good. Um uh or you're actually right on target for where you need to be. So, um yeah, this is good. I like this and I also like the top five foods to avoid. Um Again, just having that visual uh reminder here's what you need to take uh to avoid, particularly if I'm out eating. Um And there's a different lot of different selections. I'll just go with whatever I feel like at the time. But if I've seen a list like this, it might help help me make a better choice. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
How do you rate the value of the feature that pinpoints foods leading to significant glucose spikes? I find that 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
very valuable. Do you currently track foods that cause glucose spikes? I I can't say that I do. No, I've got an app Fitness app that does measure the macronutrients. Um And I guess you could infer that as to what would cause the glucose spikes, but it's not directly linked. 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
What additional information would you like this feature to provide? So, uh, I, I would want to be able to, like I just mentioned with the fitness app, um, it allows you to choose, uh, the food group, it breaks down for you. Um, based on, uh, uh, general, I, I guess the, the average is what the macronutrients are. And, uh, if we could also then tie that to what would cause a glucose spike, I think that would be great because I could track my calories. I could track uh the macronutrients and also uh what's spiking my glucose as well. So I think all of that would be helpful 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the compensation you're receiving and participating in this interview. What percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access a feature that identifies foods causing your glucose spikes for one year? Um OK. And so again, I'm, I'm not exactly sure and I'm, I apologize if I missed it, but um I'm a little bit new to this platform. So I did not see a specific uh compensation mentioned, but in general, um I would say that my health is at least worth, you know, investing uh particularly in this uh this realm of diabetes um 6 to 10% to uh because this is important to me. 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
OK. Um What information is being conveyed in these notifications about meal timings in what ways do you think these insights can impact your meal planning and glucose level management. How would you rate the usefulness of receiving insights on meal timing and would you adjust your eating habits based on them? Ok. So first of all, what information is being conveyed? Um Mike optimized your Snickers timing. That's interesting. We noticed you enjoy a Snickers Bar almost every day eating it before you walk to work leads to quicker sugar normalization than eating it afterwards. Interesting. Ok. So, um, I do find that this would be kind of cool because, um, knowing that, um, I might be able to have a cheat if you will. But if I time it right, the impact on my body might not be, um, as bad as it could be. So, um, that's actually some new information to me and I think that, um, that would impact how I plan my meals for sure. Um, and then the second card is Mike your ti meal timing matters. We've observed that when you have a big evening meal, your sugar levels take longer to settle. Our data suggests that when you eat a similar meal at lunchtime will lead quicker to quicker normalization. Ok. This is interesting as well. I have heard that, you know, your largest meal during the day should be you your lunchtime meal and, and not dinner. And so, um, you know, having this information, um, to, to, to inform my decisions I think would be helpful. Um, and I think it it would change how I ate, you know, maybe, um making it a little bit smaller of a meal at dinner. Um, knowing that it would take longer for my sugar levels to settle down after that. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
Do you consider the timing of your meals in relation to your glucose levels? I have to be honest at that right now. Uh that's not really a consideration but um knowing that that could impact would, would definitely make a difference. 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
How valuable would a feature that suggest optimal times for consuming certain foods to manage glucose levels? I would say that would be very valuable. 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Considering the compensation you're receiving for participating in this interview, a percentage of this amount, would you be willing to give up to access a feature that provides suggestions for optimal meal timings for managing glucose levels? I would again say 6 to 10% because this feature is important to me. Um and I, you know, I'd wanna wanna know know how I could uh manage this better. 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
Ok. Please describe the alert on the screen and what it suggests about your physical activity. What do you understand about the feature that provides this personalized activity threshold? How likely are you to use this feature on your daily routine? And how beneficial do you think it is for diabetes management? Ok, Mike's personal activity threshold. Based on your data, we found that 20 minutes of moderate exercise is personal, is your personal threshold and positively impacting your time in range and reducing glucose spikes, exercising less than that may not offer the same benefit tap to here to learn more. So, um please describe the alert. So yeah, I think this is a good alert. Uh Maybe a pop up. Um I, I like the icons that kind of indicate activity, foot's moving. The little man here is jogging. Um So I like that. I like the, let's achieve uh the goals together. Um being able to do this is, is, is good um In, in that it's encouraging um how likely we are to use this feature or what do you understand about that? So I'm, I'm understanding that it's, if it's mention this, I'm hoping that it's got some way to track this. So maybe uh using the, you know, built in uh accelerometer of the phone to track steps or something to that effect or activity or maybe it pairs with a fitness tracker to measure your heart rate. Um And then how likely would I be to use this feature? I'd be very likely to use this feature as part of it is something I'm already doing with my Fitbit. 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
How valuable would you find a feature that provides these insights on the minimal level of physical activity to impact your glucose? I think this is very valuable if even if I know the minimal level, I know that even if I'm above that, it's even gonna help even more or maybe that's an assumption I'm making. But uh the more active you are, it can only only help 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the compensation you're receiving for, for participating in this interview. What percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access a feature that informs you about the minimal level of activity impacting your glucose levels for an entire year. I again, as I've pretty consistently stated uh 6 to 10% for this feature because it's, it is important to me. 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
OK. What do you see in this notification and what specific activities are being recommended to manage blood sugar levels? OK. Let's start there. What particular activities? Um So this looks similar to some of these are, looks similar to the last one. It says let's achieve this together uh goals today and con and con take control of your life. So um uh this falls under the category of activity. I see again, see similar icons with the foot and the uh the jogging man. Uh Mike's personalized activity guide, we've detected a recent spike in your blood sugar. Here are some suggest activities to normalize it tailored just for you jogging for 30 minutes. A brisk walking for 40 minutes, yoga for 45 minutes, select an activity and balance your sugar levels. OK? So I I appreciate this because I feel like the app kind of has its eye on me not in a weird way but in a way that's saying, hey, just, you know, I'm just trying to nudge me in the right direction to take activity and it's kinda got eyes on me in that regard. So, um what do you see in this notification? What specific activities are being recommended to manage the blood blood glucose levels? It's recommending activities for me to do to keep my blood glucose levels in check. How do you think this personalized activity guide functions in relation to blood sugar management based on the activity suggested? Um I'm assuming that this ha has to be some kind of a wearable um or paired with some kind of a wearable because how is it going to kind of know this and to be able to make these recommendations? Um So, you know, I've seen different types of, I've not used them personally. I use a um you know, a finger prick um uh blood glucose monitor. I've seen some of the wearables. Um So I'm assuming that that is how this is being measured and how valuable do you think the personalized activity recommendations are for managing diabetes? I would say that would be very valuable, very, very helpful. 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
Are you aware of the different intensities of physical activity affect your glucose levels? I am aware that that is uh the case. 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
So, ok. Uh after physical activity, how long does it take your glucose levels to normalize? Um I think it's 30 minutes to an hour after 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
how useful would a feature that estimates the time needed to normalize glucose levels. Uh after physical activity be I would say very valuable, 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
very valuable. Indeed. Um What percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access a feature that estimates the time needed to normalize um glucose levels after physical activity? I would say 6 to 10%. Um I will, I will say that as I'm going through this, th this 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
is actually exciting me. Um I think um an app, a device whatever with this, um with these functionalities would be very, very beneficial and something I'd be interested in taking a look at what additional functionalities would make this feature more useful for you. So we've covered the physical activity a piece of it. Um the dietary piece of it. Um I can't think of anything else at this point in time. Um I mean, you could get into kind of the total overall fitness. Um you know, but then, you know, are you getting out of scope for what your core purpose is? I mean, you, you don't necessarily need to change this into a Fitbit app, but at least provide enough of the functionality specific to uh you know, diabetes to, to manage it. So yeah, I can't think of anything else that would be beneficial 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
in that regard. Can you describe the message displayed on the screen and the characters featured in it? Hi Ellen feeling a bit sluggish. It might be due to less sleep and sitting too much. Uh, what if you swapped a desk chair for a 20 minute walk to the green market? A healthier lunch could turn your day around. Hey, Ellen. If what if you aim for seven hours of sleep tonight, you might notice a positive change to your glucose levels tomorrow. Ok. So, um, ah, so I, I do like this. The, the little, uh, cartoon is cute. Um, you know, being reminded about how you can make some specific changes in your day to manage your sleep is is helpful. And I do think this is um you know, valuable. 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
How often do you track your sleep duration? Um I would say sometimes but not, not 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
more than sometimes. How often do you track this sleep duration and quality? Um uh Sometimes there is something on my uh Fitbit that can track it, but I don't like to wear a watch to bed. So that's why I don't do it. 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
Are you aware of your sleep patterns? Uh how they affect your glucose? I really am not aware of how that works. 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
How important is sleep tracking in relation to managing your glucose levels? Uh I would imagine it's somewhat important. 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
Um What additional functionalities or insights would, would make this feature more useful to you? Um Again, I mentioned as long as it doesn't involve a watch, I'd be fine. I don't like to wear a watch to bed that's uncomfortable for me, but if it could measure it in some other way, I'd probably be OK with that. 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Um Again, a compensation question, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to gain this feature that tracks and correlates to your sleep. Um Again, I'd say 6 to 10%. 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
And uh lastly on a, let's say on a nine, not ju not just with your glucose, check out the different lifestyles or alerts of elevated glucose, which one strikes the right quarter with you. Your glucose level is high immediately action is taken. Hey, there it looks like your sugars up, take time to time to take some steps. Friendly tone heads up. Your glucose level is a bit high. Let's get it down alerted, urgent tone, crunchy tone. Um So I like a friendly tone for sure. Yeah, it's encouraging. Not too bossy.

