Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...


Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
OK, OK. Mhm. Ok, I can see, um, physical activity graph and mills. Uh, graph. And, um also, it is showing, uh, how much physical activity is increasing day by day. And, uh, in, uh, our, uh, time and the meals graph. It is stable 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...


Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...


Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...


Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
immediately. Uh, inject insulin based on, uh, hay Is the glucose level 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...


Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...


Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...


Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...


Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...


Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
OK? Yeah. OK, OK, yeah. Yes. Uh, definitely. It could help me especially, uh, if this app can identify the, uh as well as the F, the food that, uh, can be dangerous to my health and, uh, can be dangerous in case my sugar is always going, uh, high. And, um, also, it can help to have a very good, uh, constant, Uh uh, and healthy diet. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...


Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...


Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
Also, it should provide. In which particular time of the day? Uh, the glucose is, uh, getting higher in order to check the reason why. And, uh, what is affecting this? 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Mhm. Yeah, yeah, 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
yeah, OK, Yes. Definitely. Very useful. Uh, it helps, um, to prevent, uh, of, uh, a spiking of, uh, high glucose. Um, if, um, there is, uh, an abuse of a specific food that contains carbs. And, uh, it is a very good. Uh, alert and, uh, can, uh, keep, uh, the use of, uh, a good diet and of a good, uh, uh, meal that can help to, you know, minimise the spikes of, uh, high glucose during during the day. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
Mhm. OK, 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
thank you. OK. 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Yeah. 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
OK, this is very important because, uh, uh, physical activity is, uh, influencing the glucose level a lot. So having, uh, an alert telling you, um, how much time you have to, um, dedicate to physical activity is crucial. So I will definitely value 10 of out of 10. This, uh um feedback and his, uh, advice. 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
Yeah, 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
OK, 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
yeah. Very, very, very helpful. Especially because, uh, also, it's giving you a choice or what you can do in in order to improve your glucose level. Uh, it depends also on what you like more. For example, I would like, uh, more, uh, yoga than, uh, uh, jogging on brisk walking. And, uh, this is very important because, uh, people maybe they like different activities. Not only one. 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
Yeah. Mhm. 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...


Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
Ok, 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...


Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
I think, uh, also, uh, this feature, uh, should, uh, add, um how long time, Uh, should be, uh, the gap between the meals, for example, from lunch or dinner based on how my glucose is going and based on when my glucose is, uh, hiking up. Yeah. 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
Thank you. Yes, definitely. It's very, very helpful because it's telling you, uh, how much How long? You should, uh, uh, sleep. And, um, it's a very good value because, uh uh, a lack of sleeping, uh, is affecting the glucose in a diabetic person so much. 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...


Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
Thank you. 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...


Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
Mhm OK 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
for sleeping. I think it is enough because, uh, honestly, I'm not sure where, uh, how how much the sleeping is affecting on glucose level in terms of, uh, uh, long, uh, long activity. Um, but, uh, if it's suggesting you how long you should sleep every day, I think it is enough.

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...


Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...


