Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...


Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
OK. What I see in this graph and what do you think the different C and markers represent? Well, that's the cyclist of one day. And here I can see no sugar we use and I can see whenever I did some sports and when I had some meals. So this can help me to um realize when I have low and when I have high sugar values 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
and that glucose, let that's the correct English term care, physical activity as a matter of impact stress, a low timing of these medium and types of food have a high impact, I guess. So timing, medium impact. 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
Next to your knowledge, what specific nutritions impact your blood glucose levels? The most of course sugars and fats, proteins and carbohydrates. Low impact. 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
Often I have some spikes, sugar spikes, glucose spikes after meals. 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
What actions would you likely take if alerted about Blue Coast Spa? Well, in this case, I would take the next um treatment with my medicine to get it down. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
What do you find it useful to have a real time alerts for glucose life after eating? Sure, that's very useful because I get this info before my body has some pain. 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
Which design of the described feature do you find most effective for your needs? Ok. It will be, I think, feel better because um I have a scale and I know better when I, I had my meal and when I had physical activities, can I um decide b it's not that detailed? So I would of course, vote for resign. A which is a better one for me. 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
What factors would encourage you to regularly use any of the features you just saw. He have used the proven effectiveness. I guess that's the most important for me. 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
What facts will discourage you from using it if it's difficult to use? And uh if I have doubts about its ef effect effectiveness, 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the consumption you're receiving for participating in this interview, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access retail artists for gold? Ok, I see. I think it's quite important for me. So 6 to 10% 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
please describe what you see on the screen. Focus on the list provided and its applications. What do you think is the purpose of identifying the top foods that affect your glucose levels? Do you see yourself utilizing the feature to modify your diet? And how important is this information for your health management? Well, at this point, I can only trust the information I get from others, which kind of food is good or is not good for me. So if I can see it here in this app um that I've taken a snack, for example, and this makes my glucose level unbalanced. Then I have some evidence and of course, I will try to modify my diet because of this information. I can trust him. Yeah. So that is very helpful for me. That's, that's really great. If it's not only that I have to look at it to see uh a correlation, but also that app tells me which of the foods um has this correlation. Who's my glucose level? 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
How do you write the value of the feature? The pin very valuable, I guess. 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
Do you currently check for that cause? Yes, I do but not, not that um not in this this manner because it's one day I do it and the other day I do it not. 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
What edition version would you like this feature to provide? Oh, well, it would be interesting to see how long spikes are um which follow my consumption of special foods. Yeah, that would be one the length of of the spike and of course, how high the bike was? That would be interesting. And of course, uh if there is um a feature that would tell me um some different kind of food with this, which is very similar to what I have consumed. So this could be an alternative if I want to have a similar food. But without these negative impacts on my health, 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the compensation you are receiving for participating in this interview. What percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access the future for one year? Well, I would say 5% 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
what information is being conveyed in these notifications about new timings, optimize your s Snickers, Snickers timing. You notice you enjoy a Snickers bar almost every day eating before you walk, work leads to quicker sugar organization than eating it afterwards. So that's a really good tip for me how to um be better off at the end. So I would try to follow this advice because it tells me you can consume food that is not good for you. But if you consume it before physical activity, that's better than afterwards. So that's really useful for me because I never thought about this possibility or well, if I thought about it, I forget about it in day to day life. So that's um something very good. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
Do you consider the time up to now? I haven't considered it, but I will consider it considered in the future. 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
This is very valuable to me, 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
but not that very well, in contrast to the other points we had before. So this feature is only about 3% has a measure of about 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
3% about time. OK. The next activity based on your data, we found that just 20 minutes of moderate exercise is a personal shuffle for poly, impacting your time and range and reducing glucose spikes exercising less than that may not have the same benefits. Ok? Tells me that there is a threshold. If I do less, then it has no impact. If I do more, then that's good for me. And I believe the more the better. So I already thought about this and that's nothing that is new to me, but it's nice to know to know it. So I would like, I use this feature in my daily routine, but since I've already done something similar, that's nothing that is really bene beneficial to me now. 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
So it is somewhat valuable but not very high. 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
So I would not give up any part of my compensation for this. 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
So next notification, we've detected a recent spike in your blood sugar. Here are some suggested activities normalize it tailored just for me jogging, brisk walking or yoga with times noticed. Yeah, that's, that's really good. Um because it gives me some suggestions what to do and moreover, not only what to do but how long I have to do it. So that's really good and helpful for me. And I would of course, um use it in the future. 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
I was not aware how the different Ianis of activity affect my sugar, blood sugar level. 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
I don't know how long it takes. II I would believe 30 minutes to one hour, but I'm not really sure. 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
I also would the future be that's very valuable for me. 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
And of course, I would say 5% uh value would be the correct estimate for me. Now, 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
what additional functionalities would make this feature more useful for you? Oh, difficult question. I have no idea. I have to think about it. So if there are enough suggestions, that's ok. And I don't need much more. So sorry, I have nothing that wasn't told by now. Which would it make more useful to me? 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
Can you describe the message displayed on the screen and the characters featured in it? I am feeling a bit sluggish. It might be due to the sleeping sitting too much. What if you set your de chair for 20 of work to remark? Ok. That's some tip. It's a tip because the app has noticed that my that sugar would be better if I what do such an activity that's valuable, of course, but not as valuable as um the other things where it was taught, please do a walk of 40 minutes and do sports for 40 minutes and so on. So this is ok, but not really that very variable. And uh then um I think about the other things which were offered before to me. 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
I also gonna check your sleep quality nearly 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
after I check. I think there ma 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
how are you aware of how you sleep? But no, I'm not aware of 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
this. I am neutral with this respect. Yeah. 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
What additional functionalities of inside would Lexus which are more useful to you? Maybe if the app could tell me what are the determinants of my bad sleep so I can do something against it. Simply stating that I should need more sleep isn't enough. I think 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
I see some value in it. I would give up. Well, one or 2% of my compensation. 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
Last thing had end on a high note. Just got with your glucose, check out these different styles of alerts in a group of which one strikes the right for you to, to, to, I believe an urgent to, would be the best for me personally, I don't think, I don't know what's, what's um the case for other persons, but for me urgent is, is uh the correct one.

