Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...


Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
CC a física at EH TOC de física ao a de ATI ramami do t n a TV t do do do eh for for life ho ho O que é uhum 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...


Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...


Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...


Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...


Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...


Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
ai prefere de proto a eh bico e a ex e eh conforme de de grafik de 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...


Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...


Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considere de com o Inter ok, 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
hum e e o fo fo b b g a don give me colesterol dom blad grafik for for 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
y de vall oath de pi po fod do significante G ABO e o e o e o importante é relevante. 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
Doido corrente de case Iesa Josh Track foods Micose Sparks Bico em equipe marcelfie het no g Kose o k 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
O tradicional de de tudo é a Josh ou information relevante Information food glicose spikes o o o b m g a t o o e sus sus é se se for eh onde terre no no artifício ou ingredientes note-se interessantes em dieta abate gk spike tra g k spike 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Considere de compensation for 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
e y y a de o o time base ou importante fo fo no e ou contribui eh e se formar em site Eh o eh eh a a glucose glicose extra de no interessante eh a a de de de site, né Eh, Eh bico o contributo Ti habits eh base baseado Spike, Spike glucose glicose fo fo eh a a e de 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
considere em glicose em bico Tomate, eh nih, gse, kl, e eh, eh bico, eh mas tonight nih Normal em em em fes normal eh, Zob eh que é que é um filme mais em eh Indi que é mais ou 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
lobo de sugest o times form ser food e as eh suge times forum Serta foods tomar de Miko Grove a se a se a se a su sugest se for fod 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
bom considere de compensa o arce g vp tua césar Fitch deve provar time e 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
de a três ya deve deve ser de alerta em em s de relevante ti and eh que que que que vai eh personalize Personalize de a TV t eh a mais física. O condition eh contra mais diabetes contra a diabetes problema e é um diabetes problema Importa se de WhatsApp andou a de suge Tomate 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
eh física ou a TV t eh bigod contra mais glucose. Problema é a TV t k eh 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
o pata off Mike compensa 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
Notifique se que fo fo personalize a m h a diabetes problema e e m colesterol e e no blue de açúcar ouço mais de de for bicos mais próximo de ria. 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
Se a glucose a glucose filma 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
selfie eh aqui ou a glucose é k e a t ao longo do que o normal normalize. Ah, glucose normalize te a eh de trinta minutos a glicose normal e help 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
me g o a TV t m et eh a TV 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
de fu é a pa o, mas convence com compensa bico mas tarde 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...


Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
quem o descreveu de caracter o personalize sp recommendei a p Abit e mail le slip e totti o diabetes Se o se o quem for uma arte eh perfect eh do poste restante de recomendei a persona Personalize a diabetes A EH é, recomendei este baseado em ti 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
T Real Dutra Y K Santa VI vi vi for for mais o Abu eh s swat fo fo mais diabetes problema do do 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
humor e de 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
o ovo glicose temer 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
várias glucose bicos se Adão que engata um ataque cardíaco em anda idade GLS 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
a adicional e essa ama diabetes baba contro uma diabetes a control diabetes em açúcar, eh ou ou information. Bati a a a eh lip profe a gol que encontrou uma e 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
é considere de compensation o compensation 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
leste o w Y G das diferentes estilos o caso 

End words:
autónomo.