Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
Hello. Hello. Can you hear me? Hello? Hello? Hello? Can you hear me? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Yeah, I'm, I'm waiting for you for a few minutes and I didn't see, I didn't see a response from you. Hello? Hello? Can you hear me? Yes. Ok. You wrote that you can. So we have a few minutes that, that we're gone by the session. But let's try to start as quickly as possible. Um, I'm about to ask you to share the screen. This purpose of this, um, of this moderated test is basically to, um, to assess the test itself. Ok. So we will use the answers. But, um, you just need to, uh, do the test is, uh, any answer that you have just answer, don't overthink it. And if you have a problem with something technical or understanding the question then ask me because purpose is for this test to run in the future without a moderator. Um, so I'm going to ask you to, I'm gonna click. Why doesn't it? They in? Ok. I have a technical issue here with the. Ok. Ok. Do you see a prompt to share your screen? Yes, please approve it. Ok. Uh ok, so I'm going to answer a few questions online. Yeah, that's just uh you just need to follow the script and if you have any issues, um then just ask me, I'll be here and we're doing the process you can start. That's perfect. Thank you. Sure. No problem. OK, I will come to you says it's quite to. Ok, 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
tonight's cook. What do you see in this graph? Ok. So I have to answer you or do I have to, I'll just explain. So when you see something like this, um you just verbally answer and the rest of the questions you have are just a multiple or single choice to choose. OK. So I see a graph, a graphic uh with different data. One is regarding my, I suppose my CGM my, my, well, in fact, my glucose data and different activities, uh physical and what I have to eat. So I have a different time here. So for example, um between uh I don't know if it's time, I don't know, but midnight and two ami think my level is. It's ok. It's a bit low but it's ok. But uh around four o'clock it's too high. Uh, it's almost uh a 12, uh, and then it goes back, um, that's the way I understand. Um, so, uh I have to exercise much between this time because now I can see that with my physical activity, it is, uh, it, it, it close my um my glucose rate and then when I start to eat, uh it goes up again. So I have to check between these two because there's something wrong with what I eat. Uh That's why I understand. Ok, thank you. You can, you can move on with the next. But 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
to your knowledge, what primarily impact your blood glucose levels. Um timing of meals as far as I'm concerned. Not really. So I would say low impact stress. Yes, major impact types of food were no impact for me because I have decided to have to be on a strict diet and physical activity. Yes, it has no impact. 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
Um, to your knowledge, what specific nut nutrients impact your blood clot as level as the most carbo treats any, I would say low impact sugar. Yes. Proteins and fats. Yes. 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
How often do you experience glucose spikes after a meal? Um, not that much. I would say rarely. 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
Uh, what action would you likely take if I learn to do about the glucose spike? Uh, well, I would check what I've just eaten and I would probably, uh, do some exercise, physical activity. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
What would you find, uh, would you find it useful to have real time alerts for glucose spikes after eating? Yes. I think it's very useful. Not just for me, for everybody who suffers diabetes because it can give you information about what you eat and what you have to correct to, um, to avoid, uh, 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
spikes in the future. Uh So which design of the described feature do you find most effective for your needs? Is an A or B or B? Definitely because I think it's much more readable. Uh Lizel, I think it's, it's more clear. Uh I think in, just in, just in a fraction of a second, you can see what it is about, which is not the case for design A. So it's a b 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
what factors would you encourage you to regularly use any of the future? You just see? Hm, good question, ease of use because the easiest is it the it is sorry, the more effective it would be uh proven effectiveness. Um And that's it because for recommendation for healthcare provider, there's too many in my mind. So I don't know which one is the best. So you have to experience yourself first. 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
What factors would discourage you from using any of the future? You just seen? Hm, complexity or difficulty of use and some depth about the effectiveness 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
of the device concerned during the compensation you are receiving for participating in this interview. What percent of this amount will you be giving to give up to Excel real time alerts for glucose spikes for one year? Ok. I would say between six and 10% because I think it's very important. 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
Please describe what you see on the screen, focusing on the lights on the list provided and its implication. What do you think is the purpose of identifying the top food that affects the glucose liver? Ok. Do you see yourself utilize using this feature to modify your diet when I present it? Ok. So I have uh some information, some messages that inform me about what uh what type of foods I have to avoid. Um and uh we found up the top five food causing us sugar spikes. Ok. So it give me further information about what I have to avoid what it causes uh cause um uh different spikes, you know, after meals. So during the breakfast it's OK. Snack. Uh I think it's not. Ok. There's something wrong here and lunch, it seems. Ok. So I have the top five food to avoid bread, bananas, watermelon, chocolate and cocktails. That's what I understand. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
How do you rate the value of a future that pinpoints food leading to significant glucose spikes? I think it's very valuable because it gives you um some truly and very reliable information 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
so you can collect on your, on your own. Do you currently track food? No, I don't, but I know from my experience that there are some food that I can't eat anymore, but I don't like what I eat. 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
What additional information would you like this picture to provide uh in uh advice, what I have to read instead of what I should avoid that would 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
be good. Um Considering the competition you are receiving for has been an interview, what is that would you be willing to give up to access all the same up to 10%. 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
So what information is being conveyed in this notification about meal timing? Ok. So optimize your sneaker time. Yeah. Ok. So I give it, in fact, it gives me advice here because, um, and, uh, uh, they do, uh, they say that I like to eat a Snicker Bar that he advised me to eat it before, uh, before walking to work. Uh, it's better to eat it before than after. Uh, so then you have another advice that when you have a big evening meal takes longer to, to settle. So our data suggests that when you eat a similar meal at lunch time will lead to quicker normalization. Ok. So it, it says that it's better for me to eat, um, to check, um, to, to eat bigger meal at lunch rather than the evening. That's why I understand. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
So it's good. Uh, yes, I think so. I think it's important to reach at, um, uh, I, um, every time, every day, at precise time, more or less. I think it's very important. 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
Um, how valuable, I think it's valuable because it gives you advice. Um, then it should be something, um, you know, like an order, it's not obligatory, it's just, you know, an advice. It's up to you. 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
I think it's the same. I think any type of advice that gives you information that can help you manage better. Your diabetes it's, 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
it's a good thing. Ok. Please describe the alert on the screen and what it suggests about physical activity. Ok. So based on your data, we found out that just 20 minutes of moderate exercise is your personal threshold for positively impacted your time and range. And we're using glucose spikes, exhausting less than that may not offer the same benefits. Ok. So another advice. So it says that I should at least exercise for at least 20 minutes, even if it's moderate, it's not too much, but it's ok. That's why I understand. I think it's going to be beneficial for, for my diabetes management. That's 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
why I understand. I, I think it's very valuable. Yes, 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
important. Physi physical activity is very, very important. And diabetes so, so important. So, yes, 6 to 10%. 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
Once again. What do you see in this notification? Ok. So we've detected a recent spike in your blood sugar. It has some suggested activity to normalize it. So, uh, ok, just for you, 30 minutes of jogging, 40 minutes of brisk walking and 45 minutes of yoga. That's why I should do to avoid spike in my blood sugar. But I don't know if it's every day, I don't know the, if it's in the morning, afternoon, evening, I don't know. And I don't know if it's just one day or every day of the week, it's 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
missing. This kind of information are missing. Um, no, I don't know, but I know, it's very good. But I don't know if it's really affect, I don't 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
know. Um, after physical activity I would say 30 to 1 hour. 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
Yes, it would be very valuable for me because I have no 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
clue. I have no idea. Consider competition. Um, I think the same 6 to 10% 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
like I said, more information about the timing, which part of the day is better if it's every day it's during two or three days or just one week. I don't know. I think it's lacking. 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
I'll just ask another thing in the previous question. You can stay on this screen. But uh w would you find it valuable to receive a real time alert telling you you should now do 20 minutes of walking in order to normalize? Yes, I think it's better. Ok, thanks. You can continue with this question. Ok. So can you describe the message displayed on the screen on the couch in a with you for seven hours of sleep tonight? You might notice what is changing your glucose level tomorrow? Feeling a bit luggage. It might be due to slow sens sitting too. Ok. Ok. So another advice about my sleep. Now, what do I need to sleep more? Uh I think it's going to have a positive effect on my glucose level the day after. So then again, good advice. It's 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
always good, not just about the the meals. Um In fact, rarely because I knew that I need at least eight hours of sleep to be on a good, on, good form. So rarely. Fortunately, 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
how often do you track? Uh, I never, never track my sleep, my quality 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
of sleep. I know it's bad. But are you aware of how you sleep at? No, I have no idea. 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
Uh, I think it, mm. I don't know. I think it's much more important, uh, relating with my mood and my form t, would say neutral for 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
me. What additional f inside when I um I have no idea because I'm uh I don't track my sleep, the quality of my sleep. So I don't know. I have no idea. 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
In fact, I'm sorry. So for this one, I would say one person up to 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
five lastly, let's say I'm on a high note, just not with you because check out these different styles of art for which one strikes the right code with you. Friendly tone good because I don't like being pressed. I don't like feeling the pressure I, I would like to have as if it was a friend, you know, a good friend that's going to help me and to feel better. Mhm. 

End words:
Thank you very much. Your feedback was very important to us and uh I hope you uh you have a good day and also that you find the the challenges of managing diabetes become easier with time. Thank you so much. Thank you. Bye bye bye bye.