Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...


Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
What do you see in this graph? And why do you think the different colors and markers represent? How do you interpret the function of this graph in the context of managing diabetes? So it seems like the green color represent the physical activity and the blue color represent um the meals indicating that mm if you get a high number of um hydrate carbohydrates, you will have the sugar level increased uh with the red dot On top between the two blue lines, well, compared to the effort. So if you have physical activity, the sugar level will go down. Meaning that in order to decrease the sugar level, you need to have uh to make a physical activity in the context of managing diabetes, it is uh extremely indicated to have uh physical activity on a regular basis in order to maintain good uh sugar level and to um control the uh the food that you eat so that you avoid high sugar level. 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blood glucose levels, stress timing of meals, types of food, physical activity. Um hm The types of food have a high impact I would say because if you eat food with uh lots of uh carbohydrates. It will increase your sugar level. A high, a high impact has also the physical activity which uh decreases the sugar level. The timing of meals has um a medium impact I would say and the stress has uh so um I would say high or medium impact medium, let's say 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
to acknowledge what specific nutrients impact your blood glucose levels. The most uh carbohydrates, any carbohydrate sugar have high impact carbohydrates, any medium impact proteins, low impact fats, low impact. 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
How often do you experience will cause spikes after meals often? Unfortunately, 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
what actions would you like? Would you likely take if alerted about a glucose spike? Um Well, first action is to have a correction of uh insulin. So I will make a few units of uh fast insulin. Um I have um Fiasp as fast insulin and another uh way of decreasing uh glucose spike is by making physical activity. But mm first action I take is to make insulin. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
Would you find it useful to have real time on earth for glucose spike? After eating? Mm useful but sometimes can be uh a bit um stressful because uh depending on what type of sugar level you eat. Like if you drink some juice, you will have a high uh very fast glucose spikes. So you should not worry and you should not make insulin because the sugar level we will uh decrease after uh like 1520 minutes. 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
Which design of the described feature do you find most effective for your needs? Please verbally describe why design a be none of the above other, which is a sign of described feature found most effective for your needs. Let's check blood glucose swapping the dinner pasta for zucchini noodles. Dropped your evening by 15 points. Keep it up, Woodward. Mike. Your dinner choices are making a difference. You're feeling better, aren't you? I think that the second graph shows a little oh a better graphic for the sugar level. Um because it seems that it's between normal average of glucose level a bit higher. Uh in the end. Yeah, I would definitely say that the second graph because it seems uh the sugar level it's almost in normal ranges. 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
So b what factors would encourage you to regularly use any of the features you just saw? Um Is the views personalized insight, proven effectiveness. Recommendations from healthcare provider integration with other health apps devices. What factors will I encourage you to regularly use? Drove an effectiveness? I think 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
what factors would discourage you from using any of the features you just saw complexity uh or difficulty of use. Lack of personalized insights, doubts about effectiveness. No recommendation from healthcare provider for integration with other health app devices. I would say mm doubts about effectiveness because I care a lot about something being effective 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the compensation you are receiving for participating in this interview. What percentage of this amount. Would you be willing to give up to access real time alerts for glucose spikes for one year? Mm. Well, I would say zero, I would not give up any part of my compensation because I am part of a program which already gives me access to a device that is connected to my phone and it alerts me every time the glucose level is increasing. So I'm already part of a program which offers me 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
this. Please describe what you see on the screen focusing on the list provided and its implications. Why do you think it is the purpose of identifying the top foods that affect your glucose levels? Do you see yourself utilizing this feature to modify your diet? And how important it is this information for your health management? Hey, Mike, we will identify the top five foods that are spiking your sugar t to bill the list and get personal advice to turn this data into action for better health. The usual suspects we've run it up to top five foods causing your sugar spikes. Let's use this insight to fine tune your diet today's activity, breakfast, snack, lunch, top five foods to avoid bread, bananas, watermelon, chocolate cocktails. Um ok, so I like um mm so I saw on on the left I see what are the top five offenders and the usual suspects for increasing the sugar level. So there should be like two lists. It's extremely important to identify the main offenders related to the sugar level increase both Ford. Um, in order to keep, um, a good, uh, sugar level and also to increase it when you have low sugar level, it's, uh, extremely important. I like very much how you can see on the phone the, about the nutrition, uh, their hours, uh, how it should be like balanced or high carb and which are the top five foods to avoid. Um, yeah, I would like to see this future so I can have a better um control on my diet. Um hm I think if you don't know how many sugar, how, how much uh carbs and how has uh each type of food and how uh fast or slow it absorbs into your blood. Uh You will have a very poor control of the, of the glucose levels. So um yeah, it's very important to have at least and to, to, to really know how the uh how food can affect your glucose 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
levels. How do you write the value of a feature that pinpoints foods lending to significant glucose spikes? It's very uh it's very valuable because you know what to avoid or when to eat those kind of uh that kind of food to increase your glucose, especially if you have low sugar level. And you need to know also if it's uh fast absorbing of carbohydrates or slow, 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
do you current track foods that cause your glucose spikes? Yes. 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
What additional information would you like this feature to provide. Mm as I said, I would like to see which is fast absorbing of uh carbohydrates and which is slow uh absorbing of carbohydrates. Because I think before going to bed at night, you need to have um if you eat slow absorbing carbohydrates, you will have increased sugar level during the night. So you need to also make an take an insulin which is um not that fast. And um if you have to increase your sugar levels fast, you need uh food that um a type of food that increases very fast, your sugar level. 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Considering the compensation you are receiving for participating in this interview, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access a future that identifies food causing your glucose spikes for one year at this point? None, cause I do have an insight on on, on this and there is also Google to use um plus my doctor. But to be honest, I would think that such an app should be free. 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
What information is being conveyed in these notifications about meal timings? In what ways do you think these insights could impact your meal planning and glucose level management? How would you rate the use of the usefulness of receiving insights on meal timing? And would you adjust your eating habits based on them? We notice you enjoy a Snickers Bar almost every day, eating it before you walk to work leads to quicker sugar. No, no normalization than eating it afterward. Mike your meal timing matters. We have observed that when you have a big evening meal, your sugar level takes longer to settle. Our data suggests that when you eat a similar meal at lunchtime, it will lead to quicker normalization. Yes. Well, in general, you should not eat big evening meals and rather keep them for the day because in the evening after you eat, you will go to bed and the sugar level will increase faster. Um, while eating fast carbs like sneakers before making physical activity is very important because if you hate it and then you go walk, this will, the sugar level will, um, automatically decrease. So the information from these two images is that is very important when you should eat um, uh, carbs, especially fast absorbing ones um, before doing physical activity and during the day rather than during night when, um, there is no uh, physical activity. So the sugar level will be higher. Would you adjust your eating habits based on them? Yes, I have to, I don't do that all the time. I tend to eat lots of stuff during nights too, which is a problem. But, um, yes, it would help me to receive the insight on meal timing. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
Do you consider the timing of your meals in relation to your glucose levels? Yes. It, the timing of the meal, more specific it's related to during the day or during the night, uh, because it's important to have, uh, like big meals during the day when you also are in the mood or, uh, have physical activities, which helps you decrease the sugar level compared to the night when you go to bed and the sugar level will increase. So it will be higher. Um, but, uh, other than that, if you are addicted to insulin, um, which I use fast insulin. Um, so during the day, I can eat at any time because I don't have um on insulin that acts on six hours timing. It's just after 10 minutes, it will just kick, kick out in, in, in my system. So I can, I don't have timing for the meals. I can eat anytime I want. 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
How valuable would your feature be that suggests optimal times for consuming certain foods to manage glucose levels valuable. Yeah, 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the compensation you are receiving for participating in this interview, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access a feature that provides suggestions for optimal meal timings? But the, yeah, the payment is $10. So I think such an app should be free. 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
Please describe the alert on the screen and what it suggests about physical activity. What do you understand about the feature that provides this personalized activity threshold alert? How likely are you to use this feature on your daily routine? How beneficial do you think it it is for your diabetes management. Let's achieve together the goals of today and take control on your life. Based on your data, we found that just 20 minutes of moderate exercise is your personal threshold for positively impacting your time in range and reducing glucose spikes, exercising less than that may not offer the same benefits. Yeah. Ok. So tap here to learn more about your unique activity threshold. Um I think it's useful to have a the threshold of activity diet you need to do in order to have a positive impact on uh your glucose level. Mm and it helps you decrease the sugar level or mm maintaining that a normal in a normal range. 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
I would say I would use it if provided. So I think it will be valuable this kind of app to to show me the minimal level of physical 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
activity. But in the same time, um I think it should be fine. 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
What do you see in this notification and what specific activities are being recommended to manage blood sugar levels? How do you think this personal activity guide functions? Let me just check the image. OK. Let's just get the goals is that there is a spike in your blood. Here are some suggested activities, jogging, 30 minutes, 30 minutes, brisk walking, 40 minutes, yoga, 45. So select an activity. Mm This is a nice um input to be able to choose from a certain some from certain activities um which would help you decrease the sugar level depending on the timing that you are willing to put into this effort and on the type of effort. So, yeah, I 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
think it's valuable at the same time. Are you aware of how different in tests of physical activity affect your glucose levels? Yes, of course, normal walking or you know, not so intense physical activity have a lower impact on your sugar level. Intense physical activity will have a dramatic impact 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
on your sugar level after physical activity. How long do does it usually take for your glucose levels to normalize less than 30 minutes? Because I am very outdoor 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
person. How useful would a feature be that estimates the time needed to normalize glucose levels? It will be valuable, 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...


Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
but I still think it should be free. What additional functionalities would make this feature more useful to you? I don't know, I mean, it looks like it tells you when and what kind of effort to put in to and for how much time. So it should be 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
fine as it is. Can describe the method to describe this play on the screen and the character, I am feeling a bit sluggish. It might be due to less sleep and sitting too much. What if you swapped your desk chair, a healthier lunch could turn your day around. What if you are in for seven hours of sleep tonight? Ok. What purposes do you think this message has in terms of sleep management? How variable do you find personal sleep recommendations based on, on your activity and health data? I think it's very important to have at least 78 hours per night of sleep to help you with the sugar level. I it's you need to be um um not to be tired. 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
How often do you track your sleep duration and quality often I prefer 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
to have 78 hours of sleep every day. How often do you track your sleep duration and quality often? 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
Are you aware of your, how your sleep patterns affect your glucose levels? Mm, not 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
so much. How important is sleep tracking in relation to managing your glu glucose le level? It is 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
important. What additional personalities are on insights would make this feature more useful to you. Um I think it should be as it is to tell you how much sleep you should get in when you, when they detect that you are 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
very tired still. I think 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
it should be free lately. Let's end on a high note. Just not with your glucose. Check out these different styles of alerts for elevated glucose levels. Which one strikes the right ch ch with you. Formal tone, casual tone, friendly tone, urgent tone, crunchy tone. I think it should be looks like your sugar is up time to take some steps. Your glucose level is high, I mean it action is required now heads up, your glucose is a bit high. Let's get it down elevation because they please address crunchy tongue because it's time, time for equilibrium, casual to um, casual tone or no. Uh Let's put it the friendly, let's get 

End words:
it done.