Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
Welcome to our user feedback session. We will present, present with several screens related to health management. Please review each screen carefully and answer the following question to help us understand your preferences and 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
needs. So here we do you, what do you see in this graph? And what do you think the different colors in markers, pre preset? Uh How do you interpret the function of the graphs and the content of managing diabetes? Um The I think the different colors and markers represent it. My uh uh my um here um I'm sorry, it's a, it's, it's, it's my, my blood um blood sugar. Um when I have here, physical activities that is a green marks and when I have meal, these are the blue marks and then it's here going up and down. I think that is what I can see here. Mm I don't know if I can hear, I can just uh have that here, bigger and square that down and here and here, then low and high. So that is clear to me. OK. So uh I'm sorry, that was not very helpful here, you see. And so I would just uh came to um sides in two kids. So I will close that one. OK. Include that one. Don't do do you have? But how do you interpret the function of this graphical kind of of managing diabetes? Yeah, it's kind of managing diabetes. Um I think it's um it's important to see what are the effects of physical activity and meals. Uh w when you have a diabetes. So that is 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
here what the um graph wants to say and to help you with, do you know what primary impacts your blood glucose level? So um yeah, so physical activity medium impact um and types of food is high impact. Timing of me also high impact I think and stress also high impact. So I would guess though this 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
is um near my scale here to acknowledge what specific nutrition impacts your blood glucose level the most. Um I had my Children uh fats of low impact and me have the carbon 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
angry. So how often do you ever experience glucose spikes after meals? Um Yeah, I do that sometimes. So 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
yeah, that is what I do. What actions would you like to take if alerted about glucose spike? Yeah, I would like to um you have fresh air like to go outside and had a little bit. Um here some some sweet and some sweet thing um 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
with me to um take just relax and eat some sweets. What do you find is useful to have real time alerts for glucose? Braking after eating. I think it's something uh some 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
somewhat useful here. So which design of the described feature do you find most effective for your needs? Please describe verbally. So this is here, the blood glucose working after passport cleaning was dropped or every PG from 50 points? Keep it up. Good work. Might your dinner choice are making a different, you're feeling better, aren't you? Ok. So I I think that the first one, the na I like more because you see there directly where are the points? Is the physical activity and the meals? Um Yeah, I like 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
that more and also the texts. So what factors would encourage you to irregularly uh use any other features? Do you just saw? Um ease of use is my first um and reclamation from health care provider could be nice to have. 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
What factors would con con you from using any of the features you just saw um lack of personalized insight, thought about fictive? Yeah, that would be a little bit. Uh I think I have to to try that out to get too used to that. Yeah, 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering with the compensation you were receiving for participation in this interview, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up or to access real time alerts for glucose bike for one year? Um ok, so for alerts, I would just give more than 10% here. I think that will 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
be a great investment. Yeah, so please describe what you see in the screen focusing on the list providing its implications. What do you think is the purpose of identifying the top foods that affect your gluco glucose levels? Do you see yourself utilizing this feature to modify your diet? And how important is it? Information for your health management? Describe what you see on the screen focusing on the list provided and its implications. So I see your top five offering spotted. I am I you and identified the top five foods that are spiking your sugar. Uh The usual subjects, we've rounded up the top five foods causing your sugar spikes. Let uses inside to find you in your diet. Then I see here my nutrition, I had a breakfast with which was balanced, a snack with high carb and lunch was what balanced. So then I can you see some recommendations um here based on my um meals as they have for me? So that is what I see here. What do you think it's the purpose of identifying the top foods that defect glucose levels you have that I can manage that and and make it more um aware to, to have these um top foods or not? Do you see your yourself utilizing this feature to modify your diet? And how important is this information for your health management? I think it's nice to know. I would maybe 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
go a year up to have that. Um Like um um yeah, a good base here for recommendation and to follow that, how would you rate the value of a feature that pinpoints food leading to significant glucose spikes? How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoints foods leading to significant glucose spikes? I think it's very valuable because uh here if you can learn from that and yeah, lessons learned like um 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
live better, um live afterwards. Do you recently track food? That course you took close back? No, I don't track 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
them. Um What additional information would you like this future to provide? Um That would be interesting if um there could be overview of when I lately um used the foods and when uh what I had to. So maybe near which hour and so like a little um a record of the last weeks, 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
for example. Um Yeah, considering the compensation you receiving for participating in an interview, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access a feature that identifies foods causing your glucose backs for one year more than 10% like before? 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
So what information is being conveyed in this notification about meal thing? In what way do you think these insights and could impact your meal planning and glucose level management? How would you rate the usefulness of receiving insights on meal planning in which you adjust your eating happens based on that might optimize your Snickers timing. We noticed you enjoy a Snickers Bar almost every day eating it before your work to work to work leads to quicker sugar normalization than eating it afterwards. That is a nice idea. I like that. You thought when you have Big E and winning meal, you should believe will take longer to settle our management. That suggests that, uh, when you eat a similar meal at lunchtime will lead to quicker normalization. Ok. That is interesting as well. Ok. And what we do things is that could impact your meal planning. Of course, even this first um one is very important thing. Um That is really nice to know. Um So I I know then yes, some recommendation. So when it's better for me to, to eat things um and at which time? Yeah, or or not. So that is the point here. How would you rate the usefulness of receiving insights on meal time? And would you adjust your eating habits based on that year? I think it's very useful 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
and I would adjust here my habits. Uh Absolutely. Do you consider the time of your meals in relation to your glucose level? I do but I don't track 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
that. Yeah. Where were you able? Would you would feature be that to suggest optimal time for consuming foods? I think it's very valuable. I would really like to, to have this recommendation that 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
yeah, I think it's very interesting considering the compensation on the interview like before or presented. Would you be willing to give up to access a feature that provide suggest for optimal meeting times. Um near timing for management, glucose zero level. That is more than 10%. 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
Definitely. So please describe the alert on the screen and what a suggest after physical activity. What do you understand about the feature that provides a personalized activity threshold alert? How likely are you to use this feature in your daily routine? And how benefit do you think it is for your diabetes me management? Based on your data, Mike, you found that just 20 minutes worth of moderate exercise in your personal threshold for positively impacting your time and range and conducting glucose bike, exercising less than uh or that may not offer the same benefits? Ok. That is very cool. So then I know 20 minutes a day are very good for my uh 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
here for my well being. And so, and I would, yeah, I would definitely use that here. And I, I think it's a cool idea to uh to get uh some um recommendations and I would um yeah, take that into account for planning my next days valuable would be a feature that be that um provides insight on the minimum level of physical um necessary to impact your glucose level. I think it's, it's neutral but it's clear that um here uh that physical activity is always, will be good, I 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
think, but it would uh it is nice to be reminded of that. So what I would be to um would be open to are willing to give up um from my um interview um um year uh earnings here for uh to access the future that informs you about the minimum level of physical activities impacting your glucose level for entire um year, not, not very much, maybe 1 to 5% I would say. 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
Yeah. So how do you see this notification and what specific activities are being recommended to manage blood sugar levels? How do you think this personalized activity guide functions in relation to blood sugar management based on the activity suggested? How valuable do you think it personalized activity recommendation system like this is for management, diabetes and would like be likely to follow the suggested activities here, Mike, we've detected as the reasons why in your blood sugar. Um Here's some suggestions, activities to normalize a tailored just for you jogging 30 minutes or price walking, 40 minutes or yoga, 40 minutes, select an activity and balance your sugar lab. OK. That is nice ideas. OK. So um what specific here? That was what I just read out. So here's how special activities are named. And also the time I I should um do that. How do you think this personality activity guide function in relation to blood sugar and blood sugar management place on the activity suggested? I think it it could be very effective and nice, but I think it's it's very clear and um definitely not a new information that could, that this is uh good for your health. So I think it's not very so to the last question, how valuable do you think a man personalized activity recommendation system like this is for managing diabetes? And you would likely to follow the suggested activities? I would definitely like to follow them, but I don't necessarily 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
necessarily would need them. I would um do physical activities on my own. Are you aware of uh how different intensities of physical uh activities affect your glucose level? 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
Yeah. From my own uh yeah, experience after physical activity, how long does it usually take for your glucose level in normal life? I think it's normally until one hour or sometimes even more. 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
How useful would the feature to be to uh that estimate the time needed to normalize glucose level of the different types of physical activities need to? Because I think it here it's mostly 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
not that precise like um in the real time. So considering the compensation I got for this interview, um how much I would I be willing to give up to access a feature that estimates the time needed to normalize glucose level of physical activities? None, none. Because I think it's not very valuable 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
to have here and not a specific or like a very incon idea what additional functionalities would make this feature more useful for you. Yeah, if this is based not just on, for example, 30 minutes, yoga is like that and that or for 40 minutes gym is like that. And so, so if it's based on my personal experience, that would be cool and interesting. 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
Ok. So can you describe the message displayed on the screen? And the feature, the character featured Annette? So sleep. Hey, all I word. If you aim for seven hours of sleep to night, you might notice a positive change in your glucose levels tomorrow. Ok. That is nice. I um here it it's nice um this message but it's not very necessary as well because I love to sleep. Um We purpose to think this measure serves internal sleep management, glucose control. Yeah, that it's even better to have a good sleep. Um Also physical cause I think that is clear and logical. How well you will do you find personalized recommendation based on the activity at health data? I have to say if it's like that. So uh like it said here go and and sleep. So I would 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
do that. Definitely. Of course, I don't need here any recommendation or reminders. Um uh How often do you track your sleep duration and equality? Never. Um 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
For me, it's more the sleep quality, to be honest, like the um uh instead of the duration, how often do you track your sleep duration quality 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
now? Ok. Let go on. This was the same question again. Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect your glucose levels? And dear, I I think rough because if I sleep 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
less my um ear, my glucose level is not good. Of course, how important is sleeping track in relation to manage the health level? Somewhat important? Um some more important. So that is um yeah, I think it's that 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
with additional functionalities that would make this feature more useful to you. Yeah, if it's more um my personal experience to my sleeping quality, but 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
I guess it would be hard to get that considering the consumption of this interview. What percentage of the market would you be willing to give up to gain access to the features that tracks and collaborators? Sleep R and quality. Yeah, and a bit shy here because I I can't imagine that it could be really good. Um Yeah, recommendation regarding my quality of sleeping. But if it's 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
what would be uh possible it would be cool. Lastly, let's end on a high note. Just not your glucose. Check out these different styles or of alert for related glucose leage. Which one strikes the right chord with you ketone here? I like that. I think that is a nice one here. 

End words:
Thank you so much. OK. Eq 20.