Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
Welcome to our user feedback session. You'll be presented with a series of queries related to health management. Press your view your screen carefully and answer the following questions to help us understand your professional needs. All 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
right, what do you see in this graph? And what do you think the different colors and markers represent? How do you protect the function, this graph in the context of managing diabetes? Well, I can, what I can assume is um the green one is the physical activity. The blue one is the Mills which come at a time and this is like time when it's happening and I can see the rate of uh glucose and uh in the blood, how it raises and how it falls. That's what I dissent. 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
Do you know what primarily impacts your blood glucose levels of a lot of things? Um timing of meals. Yeah, it has an mixed stress, really high types of food, really high physical activity. It really helps. Um So I'm going to say we high 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
to your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact your blood glucose levels the most. Yeah, to me, they do both have a high impact proteins. It's low and fats. Actually, for me, it's a medium impact. It's the carbohydrates 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
and sugar and stuff like that skyrocket. Uh How often do you experience glucose spikes after meals? I used to have them more often and now I have them. Uh, sometimes I have, 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
what actions would you like to take if alerted about a glucose spike? Um, what I'm suggested right now from a doctor is, uh I always control it and of course I get alerted. Um I don't do much to be honest at this point of my life. I don't take any uh medicine at the moment. Um After a spike, 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
you find you have real time alerts for. Yeah, 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
we design of this described feature. Do you find most effective for your needs? Ok. Let me expand the image. OK. It's a little bit blurry. Let me see the left one blood glucose or you do has the Fuuki needles. It has um I have the tape here and it shows um has the time that has um the measure has the time and it says where it's high and it gives me here. Um just gives me a heads up and the graph is less in detail. Um I would definitely go with what I because it has more details on the graph. I can see times and I can see actual measurements and I like the tap as well. It's always good to have tips to help you. 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
What factors would encourage you to regularly use any of the features you just saw. Oh yeah, of course, ease of use. Definitely personalized insight. Yeah. Speak about me. Not like in general 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
what factors would discourage you from using any of the features you just saw a complexity? Definitely and lack of personalized 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
insights. Yet consider the compensation you received for participating in this interview representing this amount. Would you be willing to give up to access real time alerts for glucose spikes for a year? Definitely, if it's something like that, I don't really consider like this kind of amount of money like important when it's about health. 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
Please describe what you see on the screen focusing on the list provided and its implications. What do you think it's the purpose of identifying the top foods that affect your glucose levels? Do you see yourself utilizing this feature to modify your diet? And how important is this information for your health management? All right. So I see um my nutrition, what I ate and uh the response of my body. No, actually the response of uh what, what is inside it says uh what to avoid. So it gives me some tips. Actually, he a suspect top five vendors. What things you know, sometimes sometimes you miss some of the information. Yeah, definitely. I would definitely read it. I definitely read 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
it. How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoints for leading to s Yeah, it's valuable. It's always good to have it a reminder. Sometimes, of course 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
you always know the most of it, but sometimes you might miss something. Yes. 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
Um I wouldn't mind having like a percentage of how much it affects its food on people. Ok, I like percentages. 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
That's why. Ok. Yeah, as I said, um, if it's for health, I don't consider this uh it's a small, 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
a small thing to, to spend what information is being conveyed in this notification by meal timings. In what ways do you think these insights could impact you of meal planning and glucose level management? How would you rate the usefulness of receiving insights and meal timing? Would you exacer eating habits based on them? All right. Yeah. It's something that um doesn't really affect me. It does affect me sometimes, but it's not like the main problem at the moment for me. Um But I would consider it because I like structure in my eating. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
Yeah, I consider that 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
it is valuable in a way it's not the most valuable. Uh but 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
it's valuable. Yeah, as I said, it's not the most valuable, but I would definitely consider it. 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
Please describe the alert on this screen and what it suggests about physical activity. What do you understand about the feature that provides this specialized activity threshold alert? How likely are you to use this feature in your daily routine and how beneficial do you think it is for you to beat this vitamin basing? Your data. We found that. Yeah, it's just like a tip about, uh, working out. Yeah. Ok. It's something I do anyway. So it's good to always have a reminder but not something 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
important for me. Yeah, that's, that's neutral. I'd say, 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
yeah, there is some value but it's not something that, uh, uh, I already do by myself without a reminder. Let's say, 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
what do you see in this notification and what specific activities have been recommended to manage blood sugar levels? How do you think this personalized activity guides functions in relation to blood sugar management based activities suggested? How about do you think a personalized activity recommendation system like this is for managing diabetes? And would you be likely to follow the suggested activities? Um It's always good as I said to have like tips about like activity. It's something I really do almost almost every day. Um Personalized activity condition is always good. So I'd say yes, if it tracks what you eat, if it tracks the way you live, the tracks, 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
the way you do. Yes. Are you aware of how different in dens is? Yeah, 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
it's usually it's there like 3030 something minutes. So yeah, I'll go to that 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
40 minutes. How useful would a feature be that? Estimates the time needed? Yeah, it's valuable. 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Yes. As I said, 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
what this would make this feature more useful to you? Um If you can compare the kind of activity I'm doing with amount of time that uh that the glucose false? I mean if it just gives me tips of what, what better activity it is to do for me. 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
Can you describe the message displayed on the screen and the character featuring it? What purpose do you think this message serves? In terms of sleep management and glucose control? How val to find personalized sleep conditions based on your activity in health data? Yeah, actually I have a problem sleeping sometimes. So I don't know if it's this kind of tip helps me sleep better. But um to be honest, I'm not sure about that. I don't know if it will help me sleep better, but 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
just a reminder of something I know. Yeah, I'll say often 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
it's not always often. I often do 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
actually. No, but I know that it affects it. I don't know. I don't know like how much it 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
affects it. It's important. 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
Um maybe have like a log so I can like review it, like have everything saved uh days. I slept bad days. I was waking up and sleeping and you know, sleepless nights. Uh and you see exactly the pattern of the glucose. 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Yeah, definitely more than 10%. 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
Lastly, let's end on a high note. Just not with yo glu check out these different styles of alerts for the radio glucose levels. Which one strikes the right chord with you. Yeah, I like that. The friendly tone. It just gives you the alert that you need to hear. It's not too serious. It's not too, like, scary and, yeah, gives you the motivation to get it down. I like that.

