Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be sent through the screens related to health. Please review the screen carefully and answer. So 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
it's how do you interpret the function of this graph? I she was mhm I interpret that uh the diabetes is goes low after physical activities, it goes high between meals and it goes low. Again after the last meal, it's six AM 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
such. You saw me to your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blood glucose levels? What should I repeat for filming your team, 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
best seller to your knowledge? What specific nutrients impact your blood glucose levels the most? 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
How often do you experience glucose spikes after meals? 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
Often? What actions do you like? Do you like to take if I learned about glucose spikes? Uh Usually I usually I lay down and um I drink water, lemon. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
Yes. Would you find it useful to have to have a real time alert of? Yes, yes. Very 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
useful. Which design of described feature do you find most effective for your needs? So mhm. Listen, the He had P Yes to get you see b most of her fair musics I find be more effective because it's more, uh it's easy to understand the past year. It's easy to, it's more understandable. You can, you can figure it out what, what it means better. So, but also a, no, I would say a, a, I did understand it like I have to read it first. I have to think about it but I understand it be better because it has more, uh more information on how the, the glucose, uh the glucose level changes throughout the day and uh depending on meals and physical activities. Meanwhile, the bee doesn't have too much information. It just shows the the the spike but not really how, what factors determines the spike 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
is. What factors would encourage, what factors would encourage you to regularly use any I'm a different artist. So an effectiveness, personal side, sorry. Must you have integration with other um apps because yeah, 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
what factors will discourage you from using any of the features you just saw? I actually I want you to, you 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the compensation you are receiving for participating in this interview. What percentage of this amount would you, would you be willing to give to give up to access real time alerts for glucose spike for one year 6 to 10 A coconut. 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
Please describe what you see in this screen focusing on the list provided in its implication. What do you think it is the purpose of identifying the top food that glucose? Ok, I I see a list of um a a list of 33 types of products. And I see three lines with colors which meaning uh the yellow, it's uh caution. It means uh it's, it has some impact, balance, it has low impact and uh the red, it has high impact on with high, high impact on the glucose. Uh And uh also the, the, the blue button with the purple, the blue button with the plus. It's, it's very easy, easy to understand how, how to add a meal in order to see uh what type of uh effect has on the blue cars. That's I definitely can see utilizing this feature and modi and how to modify uh this diet. Uh my diet. And uh due to the fact that I that uh I, I have type two diabetes, I I can find very useful this uh this app and they, they will not do it. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
How do you, do you 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
think that that cause your glucose spikes? 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
Mm. Ok. For me, he took a fight. What additional information would you like this provides? Maybe uh you can also add the calories of it. So instead of being just for diabetes, you, we can or not the, not the calories, the grams of sugar that it has. And uh what is good sugar and uh what, what does, how, how much of it the sugar comes from uh glucose and maybe it will be OK, 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the composition you are receiving four. Would you be willing to doctors uh feature that food causing your glucose spike. 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
What information is being conveyed in this, in this notification about meal timings, Mike optimize your sneaker timing. You've noticed you enjoy, enjoy a sneaker part, at least every day. Eating it before you walk to work leads to quicker sugar normalization than eating afterwards. Like your meal time timing matters. You dreaded when you have a big evening meal, your sugar levels take long to, I think that uh this uh this notifications are perfect, especially I would really, really enjoy them a lot because our our perfect recommendation and suggestions on how, how to have a, how to have a proper, a proper uh how how to find the proper way on how to eat my favorite snacks and especially when to eat sugars throughout the day. So it can, it, it does not affect my my blood, my my blood sugar. In what way do you think that this inside could impact from your planning and glucose level management? I think that this uh inside would help me a lot and uh would help me to uh towards uh creating a new way of living and how to, to have to build a new diet system throughout the day. And uh it would normalize my sugar intake, how the usefulness of receiving these are very, very useful. And I would, I would, I would love them in my, in my app and I would, it would help me a lot in my eating habits. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
Some of the nice. So the time of your meal you consider the timing of your meal in relation to your glucose level? Search for the I may not have seen the you just because I I hello and mm. Ok. Oh three games. Do you consider the timing of your meal in relation to your glucose level? 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
How would a future be that? Just a and very out there? 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Mhm Considering the composition should be seen for this location? What percentage of this amount? Ok, 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
please describe the alert on this screen that it suggests about physical activities. What do you understand about the feature that provides this personal personal, personal activity threshold alert? We found that just in the middle of matter of exercise is her personal treasure pursuing back in your time. How likely are you to use this feature on the team? Uh This alert shows that um that the app that this feature has customized my uh customized my um physical activity based on my, on my uh my my body physicality. And I'm assuming that is from uh the information that I have put in and I find it very, very useful and very and very much um appealing to me because I, I see that it's just for me which makes me, makes me more, makes me like the application even more. I I think that's uh I would, I I would love to have the future like this and most most most likely for my health, I would be more than more than happy to vote to have this incentive daily to make it happen. 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
Ok. How valuable would would a feature be that providing insights on the minimum level of physical activity necessary to impact your glucose level? Very valuable 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
what do you see in this notification and what specific activities are you are, are being recommended to manage Mike Mike's personal activity guide. We could detect the recent spike in your blood sugar here and just do the tailor just for you in this. No, the notification. I see, I see specific activities that are recommended for, for to manage to manage my blood sugar levels which are jogging 30 minutes, brisk walking, 40 minutes and yoga 45 minutes. Um So nice. How do you think it was? I, I I'm assuming that the way that they function is uh activity guide based on uh on, on the the sugar spike, the blood sugar spike during, during, during the day. And uh I believe that uh it's in a certain hour that I don't, I'm not sure how they function. How about do you think personalized activity recommendation? I think personalized Acti activity recommendation are perfect and it makes me, it makes me grow fond of the application and, and uh develop a close relationship to it. 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
Ok. 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
P after uh physical activities, how long does it take? Yeah. Hm. That 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
how useful be official estimates the time needed to normalize to go to different types of activity. 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Ok. 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
What is your, I think, um, as I said before, I would like more information about each foods. Um, so they can list the, the grabs of sugar that each, each food has. 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
Yes. Right. Bye. It, this is, um, I described, um, hi. I, I'm feeling a little bit sluggish today might be due to, uh less sleep and sitting too much. But if you swapped your desk chair for a 20 minute walk to green market, a healthier lunch could turn your day round. Hey, Alan, what, what if you aim seven hours of sleep tonight? You might notice a positive change in your glucose levels tomorrow. Well, I I'm seeing, I'm seeing that uh the message gives you an incentive on how to, in order to sleep better. So you can have a better glucose management, blood glucose management. And um to me to, to control the glucose, uh I found them funny appealing, makes me look at it and makes me open it and uh useful because I, I feel like uh the app cares about my health and I find them very, very valuable, especially the sleep recommendation. 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
Yeah. How often do you track your food? Rare though? 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
Yes. 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
Are you aware of how your sleep pattern is affected? No, I'm not. 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
Right. How important is sleep tracking in relation to managing your? I have no idea. 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
OK. What additional functionalities are insights would make this feature more useful to you. I would like for it to rate the quality of 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
my sleep as well. 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
Lastly, let's end on a high note. Just not with your glucose, check out the different styles of alerts or elevated glucose level, which one strikes the right corte form. Your glucose level is high me and action is required. Hey, there, it looks like heads up here. Let's get it down alert way because that is address because I time far deeper, friendly, friendly tom heads up your glucose is a bit high. Let's 

End words:
get it down.