Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
Hello. Hello. Hi, Marie. Hi. I need to Nice to meet you. I have just, uh, need to change my For some reason, my camera is not the right one, but I can see your face partially. Yes, because it's from the side and not my I don't know if this is the the platform's own web page, but it doesn't matter. I'm not the, uh, important, uh, aspect here. So, actually, I just wanted to, uh, just to shortly, uh, describe what this test is for. Um, basically, this is a test that we will do, um, in the future and moderated so without, uh, a person having expanding everything. So the purpose of this for us is mainly to, uh, to see if if our test is valid for the next phase. So the reason I'm telling you this is so you just answer everything that just naturally pops in your head. Don't overthink the answers. And and only if you have a problem understanding the question or or something is unclear. Then then you can tell me or anything, but unless there is nothing like that, so we can just start and I'll be here to answer any question or or OK, so I'm gonna ask you to share the screen if you see the prompt Mhm entire. Oh, I'm Sherry. You're supposed to see my screen now. OK, so I'm gonna launch now the the script, OK? And then we can, uh you can start answering it so on. Ok, great. So this one is just basically what I explained. You can just skip it, um and 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
yeah, that's it. You can just answer. I'll be here. And if you have any questions, I'll I'll I'll answer them. And if you have anything that you are thinking during the question and pops in your head, you just say it verbally. OK? Ok. OK, so I'm looking at the graph here. Um, how do you How do I interpret the function of the graph? Um uh, this basically shows me how my blood sugar levels are. Are are are working throughout the, um this is the night time, starting from midnight until 6 a.m. Uh, and my blood sugar level is is, um, going between two and 10 roughly a little bit below two. That's too low. But the yellows are low. Uh, greens are normal and uh, red is high. And do you see any other data? Um, it shows, uh, physical activity and meals as well. Ok, great. You can You can click the next 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
right. OK, the it asks whether I know what, um affects my glucose levels. Um, timing of the meals? Uh, it well, it depends. Um, but it I would say it has a at least a medium impact stress as well as a medium impact types of food that has a, um, very high impact and physical activity for me. It, uh it is also high impact. Pretty. Shall I move onwards? Yeah, sure. The 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
moment you feel like you answered, you can just click next. I'm just here to help you something. Yeah, uh, so carbohydrates have a high impact. So the sugar proteins have, um, have a low, uh, as well as fat. Fat has a low impact, but it's but it's a long one. So that's that's true. It has more calories, but it has less impact on them. Yeah, 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
uh, how often do I experience glucose spikes after meal? Um, often Not always, But often, 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
What actions would you like to take if alerted about the glucose Spike. Um, do I have to answer here? So these questions are, uh it's a verbal answer. So, um, you say you don't have any any options to choose, so you just say it verbally. OK, um, I have a few options. Either I use insulin, or then I have some exercise. Like walking. It helps to ease with the spikes. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
Would you mind find it useful to have real time alerts for glucose spikes after eating somewhat useful? Yes. Oh, no, no, no. This is better useful. 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
Which design of the of describes feature you find most effective for your needs? Um, the design A is better because it shows, um, the timing better, uh, with the physical Acti activity. And, um, with with the meals Great. 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
What factors would encourage you to regularly use any of the features of ease of use? Um, it's personalised. Um, uh, recommendations from health care and integration with other health apps. Great. 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
Mhm. What factors would discourage me from the complexity? Um, doubt doubts if it if it actually helps if it's not personalised, and if it doesn't integrate with the other apps, I have 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering compensation. You will receive just to say we will not really take anything from the compensation is is the question. So if I would have this kind of access Well, I, I would pay for it. 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
Please describe what you see on the screen focusing on the list of So it means that, uh, I could, uh, give the app info information about what I've eaten. Yeah, you can scroll down. I think the image is is not fitting the whole screen. So you have another part down? Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is, uh this is very helpful. It would give me instructions of what to avoid and what to actually have, which, which would be, uh, better for my for my glucose levels if I didn't have bananas, for example. It says that those are the II. I would if I If I tell them what I'm what I've eaten. And I know that this is probably the cause of having some problems. Then I would be It would be helpful to know that I get in the future. I need to be aware of this and possibly avoid the foods that have a high impact. Great. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
Um yeah, I. I find it very valuable. 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
Um, I don't currently track the foods, but I know some of them from experience, 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
but I don't have any app. What? I'm, uh, at the moment. What additional information would you like the feature to provide? Um, I don't know. Um, if there are amounts that affect I mean, if if I would eat half a banana compared to whole banana, that or how many grammes of banana I I'm using? That would be also nice to know, because there are differences with the amounts. 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Yes. We would like to see another level where where the resolution is also talking about the amount of the food. Yeah, Yeah, something like that. Yeah, because there are foods that you can have just a little, But then you if you excess the amounts that it has harder. Um, that's a good point. Um, this is quite important, but not particularly, uh, as important as just following the 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
blood sugar levels. What information is being conveyed in these notifications? Mm. You just notice there are two notifications and this is one the first. The other is a is different. So please read both. Well, this is, uh, also helpful to know that if you want to have something like sneakers. I know I couldn't. I could take a bite, but not a whole sneaker. Uh, but if if I would do it every day and the APP would tell me that it's not good to have at this time or I I would have to do something, uh, in connection with that, it would help to understand how it affects me. And also, um, uh, considering the size of the meal, but having a larger lunch would be better than having a larger evening meal. So I think this is also an important, uh, feature. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
Thank you. Yes, I find it important. 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
And, yes, I think it's very valuable. 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
And this is also very important. 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
Mm. OK, what do we have here? Mm. Uh huh. So it sort of, uh, tracks what I'm doing, Uh, exercise wise, and, um, just giving me some kind of threshold. How much I should do? At least it would, uh, it would be nice. 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
It's just that sometimes you can't if, If I I hate these apps when they keep reminding me to do something when the situation is something that I can't like. I broke my ankle a month ago. And my my foot is I'm using crutches to walk. And I can't do any exercise at the moment. You when you're seeing a vigorous app sending constant notifications, it's already you're saying, Come on. Yeah, I can't do that. I would love to walk, but I can't. So it would be really annoying getting constant, um, reminders of something I should do when I'm not able to do that. Yeah, that's important to to include the something personalised as we mentioned before that. Exactly. Yeah, but, um, having a reminder that a small amount of exercise has an effect, a positive effect that, uh, itself is good. 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
But then the personalization is also also, um, 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
something that it's needed. Uh huh. OK, so now it, uh, reads that my blood sugar levels need some exercise, and it has some usual, um, suggestions as what? As what to do. Um, I don't know if if if there is a sort of list, I could tell the app that these are the activities that I can do and would like to do. I mean, I don't have any yoga salons nearby, so I couldn't use that, uh, and I don't know how to do that. Uh, all by myself, this is created from we have a question that is, uh, during the app on boarding. Um, so the user chooses the activities. So this is based on on that on my list of your Ok, Good. Good to know. Then then it's good. 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
Uh, yes. I am aware how the intensity of the activity affects my glucose levels. 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
Uh, after physical activity, how long does it usually take for? It takes about an hour, 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
and I think it is. It's 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
again a valuable in information. I see some value in it. 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
Um, what additional functionalities would make this feature more useful to me? Um, you already said that this is based on my chosen activities. So that's one thing that came into my mind. Uh, it had, uh, lens and, um, suggestion of the all the, um, stress of the, um, activity. I mean, um, just, uh, yoga compared to a brisk walk. So those are different, and they, uh, affect at least my blood sugar level. The the the affects effect is different. Uh, so it had the lengths, so I don't know if there is anything else. Except for of course, if the blood sugar would drop drastically, the app would they beat? Tell me that please stop now or go back home. Yeah, of course we have. We have different features for that. So this is concentrating on lower. And of course, if it's too low, So we we will have something there as well. 11 thing is that if my blood level is already at the rather low level and I'm telling the app that I'm starting, um um, to go running, for example, uh, that it would warn me that I need to take something with me. Of course, we we have this, uh, this is one of our basic features. Um, so it's it's important to fuel the exercise. Also, to avoid further, uh, hypo and hyper after the because it goes up and down. That's not nice. 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
It's it's annoying feeling. II. I don't know if you are diabetic yourself, but it I'm a physician. So that's yeah, but I can tell you it's it's annoying when it goes up and down all the time. Yeah, yeah, of course. We We we are very aware of this That's why we try to craft those features for Yeah. Uh, OK. OK, so, uh, now it feels that I'm tired. So, uh, it might be E either that I have slept. Uh, I'm not that well, or, uh, I've been sitting too much. Mm. So would this track sleeping as well? Yeah. Um, in in various levels. I mean, uh, the the the smartphone itself can know sleep time and wake time if you have also, uh, wearable. So it also analyses the phases of sleep and and more advanced data. But But currently, if you even if you don't have a watch wearable, it will estimate, uh, according to to the phone sensors, OK, I haven't 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
tracked my sleep levels. Um oh, yeah, I never have done that. I know the du duration when I go to bed and when I wake in the morning. But I, I don't have any wearables that would track the level of depth of sleep quality of sleep 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
and know that there are, um, watches and rings and stuff like that. Who can do that? Uh, I don't track the duration either. Not the quality. Neither. 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
Um, so I don't know how the sleep patterns affect the glucose levels. I know that if I haven't slept, if if the night sleep has been less than let's say five hours, it's it's it's showing next day because I'm tired and stuff like that. But I don't know how the quality of my sleep affects my blood sugar levels. 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
Um, I have no knowledge of, um, how important it is, I. I suspect that it is important, but as I have never tried it, I don't have any personal experience of that, so But I don't think it's not important either. I'm I'm what? You what you are. You know 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
what's right for you. Um and I don't have any opinion about this and I don't know how how. It would be more useful. It sounds interesting, and I would be interested in using something like that, but I've never done that. I don't have an experience with it. 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
OK, I see some value in it. 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
Mm. Um, I'd like it to use somewhat casual tone or or friendly. The formal is maybe, too. It's like Mother talking to you and I. I don't, um, and sometimes the urgent codes that they are needed But, um, the casual might be the best. Great. 

End words:
Ok, that's it, actually. Yeah. So thank you very much. You've been very helpful and informative. And, um, I hope, uh, you know, those features would be out soon on some of them, at least. And, uh, we could, uh, help those in need of them. So, again, do you have the app already up and running? Yes, but, um, it's, uh, currently for, uh, companies that have, like, insurance companies. And they give it they grant access to their, uh, users or their insurance. So, uh, but we might have, um we're working on strategically, Maybe to open it. You know, for the for general users as well. Because we get some feedback. That kind of, uh uh, Yeah, it sounds very interesting. And I, I would like to check it out when it when it comes available for the public. Um, great. So actually, we can we can update you through the user lytic and, uh, I. I would be happy to if it will be available. Uh, we will update you on that. Ok, good. Good to know. Thank you. Thank you very much and have a have a good day. You can see you. Bye. Bye. Yeah, I'm not also don't know. Oh, yeah, it's up to me. That's up to me. So thank you. Bye bye. Thank you.