Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...
Don't worry. I feel 21. Yeah, that's what my patients home sees. That I got this. OK. 

Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
Oh, that's bad. What do you see in this group? And what do you think? How do you see in this graph? And how do you think the different colour and how do you interpret the function of the context? The Yeah, OK. Hi. No. OK. No. Yeah. Oh, can I say that? Uh, 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
so my impacts with blood. There are food, high impact stress, But this captivity, but timing of meal. Mm. We do need parts. 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
So no specific NP blood sugar. I lost couple acres combined with sugar carbohydrates. About what? Ok, 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
how often do you experience some spices? After a meal? I've done me sometimes all the time. 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
What actions will, like take here? I'm not saying I want it. Look was like, yeah. Um 12. Next. 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
What would you Would you find it useful to have you time? My luck speaks. Yes, sir. Of course. 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
Which I describe most effective for your needs. Mm. The thing B. 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
What factors would encourage you to regularly use in your day, which you just saw. Um, these obvious person is like accommodations? Integration? Without the help? Yes. Um what was the any of the features? Just so these obvious question personalising sites proving effectiveness and recommendation of health care. 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
Yeah. No photos will discourage you from using any of the future. Just, uh Mm mm. OK, Yeah. I don't know if I 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the compensation you were receiving for participating decent percentage amount, will you be willing to give up to access retirement lots for one year? No part of my composition. I see somebody in it. If you just quite more important in the future, you and go through it. Let's see. I see. 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
Cool. OK, describe what you see. Describe what you see on the screen. And so its focus on this provider and its application. What do you think his focus of identifying the top food would affect you. You switch on your diet And 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
how do you read it when your future, when you did it and look cross by 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
for cause I know 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
the thought is sh around LA please switch to provide and next 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
cause of the surgery a give up on you and the dry food cause I do my conversation 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
sneakers for hours every day eating it before you walk to walk in R I You're eating it afterwards. Observe that when you have a great evening. When you that was really I It's so N. I don't know why What information has been convenient is situation about mere things. I mean, in what way do you think this is? It could impact your meal, plan my glucose, learn how you read the usefulness of reserving insights and meal time and just to eating. 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
Do you consider th me of your meal in relation to glucose level? Mhm. 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
How valuable would the future be? That just optimal time to consume of time as well. Um, 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
question the question you mhm um mhm. 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
Yes. Like based on your data, we have found just 20 minutes of moderate exercise. Such suggestion. Purpose is important. Time breaks then that he not over. OK, please describe the alert. He's a school who is a G of his country. What do you understand? All feature that provide this personal life I, I can ask you to use the switch and in return 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
how we would in future be the insights on minimal physical activity. How valuable would the future be? Yeah, my some. You OK? How will the mood if you're jumping that boy inside or minimal or she's going to assist? How funny is my on? 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Yeah. No. 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
Because of my conversation. My version? Yes, I just to pre school. Yeah, I know I would. You like? It was like, What do you see in this moment? And recommended to manager should live. How do you think this personalised function, I think, huh? What you say I I to this one. I do think 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
mhm. Are you aware of how different the densities of its conservatory? It was quite to me. Yes. Don't close it 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
up, OK? After physical activity, how long does it usually take for your blood process? Mm mm. I think, uh, just gonna That's it when I go on, 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
How useful would how useful would the future be? That estimated time needed to normalise level a different type of really useful. Now how would it be if you the 10 minutes Very 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the composition we are receiving 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
with additional functionality. You like this additional function which online is virtual more useful for you? What additional function functionalities would make this virtual more useful for you. 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
No, I should put some in the room. OK, OK. And what if I Mm. Additional features. Um, so stress of thoughts. You shouldn't eat anything sweet. Um Mm. Hey, what issue? For seven hours. I say tonight. Right. Because they change tomorrow. Can you describe your messages on the screen? And the character featured Amy. What purpose do you think this message served in? Terms of requirement? Cross country. How do you find personalised documentation? I think, um um, what I was just trying to say is, um if you can manage your stress properly, then the glucose, um, it will not increase, um, the glucose level in the body. And, um, it also makes someone to understand that sleep management help to reduce, um, glucose spikes in the body. Then the last question is, um, find personalised recommendation. Yes. If you can sleep more than seven hours a day, I think, um, it can actually help to reduce the glucose. Um, Spike, we should understand that, um, sleeping. I mean, getting enough. And I mean, adequate rest and less stress can be a low can be of great impact concerning the uprise of glucose in the body. 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
How often do you track your SN? Duration Sometimes. 

Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...
How often do you track sleep? Duration and quality? Yeah, Often sometimes. 

Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...
Are you aware of your sleep patterns? OK, Yeah. Mhm. No, no. 

Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...
How important is sleep? Chalk in relation to managing you as one of the most important. So OK, 

Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
what additional functionality that would make this future more useful to you. Mm. I think the, uh um the additional functionalities that I would say is, um I think they they they need to add something like, um, you shouldn't eat sugar on empty stomach, no matter how hungry you are. If you are impatient with them, Um, if you're patient with them, um, with the glucose issues, you shouldn't eat anything sweet on an empty stomach. Yeah, no matter how hungry you are, maybe a snack or something, because at the end of the day, it would definitely increase. Um, the blood sugar. Thank 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
you. Comp composition. OK, I'm not giving 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
any compensation. Please listen. Listen on her, not just not you last this end on a high, just not with your glucose. First start that when we strike the right code with the formal 10 is casual for G. Question and orders. Yeah, OK,

