Task 1: Welcome to our user feedback session. You will be ...


Task 2: What do you see in this graph, and what do you thi...
It shows the, um activity, uh, based upon, uh, that two different colours and mhm OK, When a physical activity is done, how is it? It's a it's a normal. And, uh, when the meals are done, it's like high and usually in between. It is low. It should. The graph shows that way. Uh, at, uh, 4 to 6 there is a strip. Uh, and the skull is, uh, moving above. When you between the when you are taking the meals between two o'clock and, uh, maybe 3 to 5 o'clock And, uh, the physical activity it is in the, uh, in the, uh between 12 and two. It's, uh, low showing its lowest time. Highest peak is, uh, with after the means. Yeah, 

Task 3: To your knowledge, what primarily impacts your blo...
to acknowledge what primarily impacts your blood glucose levels. Stress 

Task 4: To your knowledge, what specific nutrients impact ...
to your knowledge. What specific nutrients impact your blood glucose levels? The most carbohydrates sugar, the impact carbohydrates. I need a little back experts. 

Task 5: How often do you experience glucose spikes after m...
How often do you experience glucose bits after meals? 

Task 6: What actions would you likely take if alerted abou...
What actions would you likely take if alerted about the 

Task 7: Would you find it useful to have real-time alerts ...
I find it useful to have a real time alert her glucose by saturating 

Task 8: Which design of the described feature do you find ...
snapping your dinner pasta for zucchini noodles. Drop your evening veggie by 15 points. Skipped up. OK, good work. Make your dinner choices. Yes. Good. Which design of the described feature do you find most effective for your needs? Please verbally describe why to dress my you eight. Yeah, because it, uh, actually says what I have taken and which which meal made my glucose level better? So that really show that so that I know which kind of food I need to take. 

Task 9: What factors would encourage you to regularly use ...
What factors would encourage you to regularly use any of the features you just saw that would encourage you to generate ease of use. Personal insights? Effectiveness? Yeah. 

Task 10: What factors would discourage you from using any o...
What factors would discourage you from using any of the features you suggest? Complexity. 

Task 11: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
Considering the compensation you are receiving for participation recently, what percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access real time alerts for glucose spikes for one year? Mhm. This feature is quite important to me. And I would not hear of any part of my compensation. I see some value in it. I highly use this feature and am willing to invest in it. 

Task 12: Please describe what you see on this screen, focus...
Please describe what you see on the screen, focusing on the list provided and its implication. What do you think is the purpose of identifying the top foods that affect your glucose levels? Do you see yourself with this feature to modify your diet? And how important is this information for your health management? Five offenders spouted he might. We have identified the five top five foods that are spiking your sugar tap to UN meal, the list and OK, the usual suspects he might. We have rounded up the top five foods causing your sugar. But let's use this inside to find sugar. OK, balance it. The second one. 

Task 13: How do you rate the value of a feature that pinpoi...
Oh, very good. How do you rate? How is the value of a teacher that pin points would lead to significant? 

Task 14: Do you currently track foods that cause you glucos...
Show me a little kid. Do you currently track foods that cause you glucose spikes? Yes. 

Task 15: What additional information would you like this fe...
What additional information would you like this feature 

Task 16: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
to provide, considering the compensation you are receiving for Bing, what percentage of this amount would you like to feature that, uh, identifies foods causing or mhm? 

Task 17: What information is being conveyed in these notifi...
Mike optimise your sneakers timings. We notice that you enjoy a Snickers bar almost every day eating it before you walk to what leads to quicker sugar nomination than eating it afterwards. Mike, your meal timing matters. We observe that when you have a big evening, the sugar levels take longer to set it that when you eat a similar meal at lunchtime will lead to quicker normalisation. OK, what information is being conveyed in this navigation about meal? In what ways do you think these insects could impact your meal planning and glucose elements? Would you rate the usefulness of insects on meal timing? And would you adjust your eating habits 

Task 18: Do you consider the timing of your meals in relati...
based on that miss in relationship? How do you consider, Do you consider 

Task 19: How valuable would a feature be that suggests opti...
how valuable would the feature be valuable 

Task 20: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the compensation you're receiving? 

Task 21: Please describe the alert on this screen and what ...
Let's achieve together the goals of today and take control on your life? Mike's personal activity threshold. Based on your data, we have found that, uh, just 20 minutes of more exercise is your personal threshold for positively impacting your training range and reducing your request. Exercising less than that may not offer the same benefit. Please describe the alert on this, uh, screen and what it is, uh, suggest about physical activity. What do you understand about the feature? That risk provides this personalised activity threshold alert. How likely are you to use this feature in your daily routine. And how beneficial do you think it is for you? Diabetes management. So, uh, this, uh, feature is showing, uh, what amount of time you should do a physical activity. And, uh uh, What would happen if you, uh if the, uh if any Anything less can keep up the same, uh, glucose activity in your body or it will reduce or it will increase. What is the threshold? What is the minimum physical activity you can do? And yeah, it will be very useful because sometimes I eat less so that my physical activity can become less. Or sometimes if I eat more than this, uh, maybe this message should will show me that you today you more You need to do a, uh, more physical activity. Yeah, it's a good 

Task 22: How valuable would a feature be that provides insi...
thing. How valuable would a feature be that provides insights on the minimal level of physical activity is a It's a good thing, 

Task 23: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the compensation you are receiving for participating, OK, would you be willing to give up the access of access a feature that informs you about the minimum level of physical activity in party? You 

Task 24: What do you see in this notification, and what spe...
will. OK, what do you see in this notification and what specific activities are being recommended to? Yes, sir. How do you think this personalised activity guide functions in relation to blood sugar management based on the activities suggested? How valuable do you think a personalised activity recommendation system like this is for Ma? Is there? It is, uh, very personal activity. We have detected a recent spike in your blood sugar. Here are some suggested activities to normalise the electro Yoda. Yeah, I think this is very useful because, uh, when you feel, uh, there is a glucose spike, we really don't know if you need to reduce the the food for some time, maybe for one week. Or is there something other option we we can do, uh, so that we can reduce this glucose spike. So if, uh, uh, an app can view this information, uh, it will be very 

Task 25: Are you aware of how different intensities of phys...
useful. So are you aware of how different intensities service delivery 

Task 26: After physical activity, how long does it usually ...
after physical activity? How long does it usually take for your glucose levels to normalise? Thank 

Task 27: How useful would a feature be that estimates the t...
you. How useful would a feature be that estimates the time needed to normalise Google after different types of physical activities, which will be valuable, 

Task 28: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
considering the compensation you are receiving in per person interview, we What percentage of this amount would you be willing to give up to access a feature that, uh, estimates the time needed to normalise? OK, because, um, generally, we don't, um, eat or something immediately after the this. 

Task 29: What additional functionalities would make this fe...
After you do exercise what additional functionalities would make this feature more useful for you? Um, maybe maybe setting a time period of mm. So maybe maybe giving a time plan, weekly plan or monthly plan. Uh, so that so First estimate my diet plan activity plan and give me, uh, give me, uh, uh, one week schedule. That if you do the same thing, I will, uh, be in a normal, uh, glucose. Uh, this when you do it one week or, uh, give me after one week, give me alternate plans 

Task 30: Can you describe the message displayed on this scr...
like that can on the screen and the me too. Purpose. Do you think this message from such lead management and who you fly the recommendations based on your Hi. You see sitting too much. What if you swap your disa and that was to change, OK? And how you how you can see that if you get some sleep or get some rest. Yeah, it is good, but sometimes it is. Um, it's becoming annoying with, uh, to get receive message. Uh um, many times. And we need to check on this app many times. Yeah, I think. And so 

Task 31: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...


Task 32: How often do you track your sleep duration and qua...


Task 33: Are you aware of how your sleep patterns affect yo...


Task 34: How important is sleep tracking in relation to man...


Task 35: What additional functionalities or insights would ...
maybe it should show. Um, yeah. Maybe you should, uh, take the inputs of, uh, when do you close? The day when you sleep. Uh, like that. And, uh, then can show, uh, what are the activities? What are the food I take and everything? Then you You can sleep, uh, at this time like 

Task 36: Considering the compensation you are receiving for...
that, considering the compensation you are receiving for this. What participation should have the tax sleep duration. Um, yeah, OK, let it maybe 

Task 37: Lastly, let's end on a high note — just not with y...
useful for some, because I usually sleep, uh, at 10 o'clock and wake up in the morning at six o'clock. I think, uh, that is fine for me, because I'm having it. 88 hours of sleep. Lastly, let's end on a high note. Just not with your glucose. Check out these different styles of alert for, uh, elevated glucose levels. Which one strikes the right card with you. Soul to glucose level is high. Immediate action is required. OK. Hey, this looks like your sugars are time to take some steps Hatch up. Your glucose is a bit high. Let's get it down a little crunchy.

